A red pickup truck runs straight through the intersection.
A red SUV goes down the street.
Large gray Sedan running down the street.
Gray small SUV goes straight on road.
A silver jeep drives straight down the road.
A gray van runs down the street followed by a gray sedan.
Silver sedan pulls up behind a suv stuck in traffic.
A small gray vehicle drives straight down a road.
A black  SUV runs down the street followed by another black vehicle.
A black sedan goes pass a house.
A sand colored SUV follows a van.
A maroon sedan makes a left turn.
A white SUV go straight.
A silver sedan drives through an intersection.
A blue small sedan.
A gray sedan runs down the street.
It a white truck on the road.
A blue pickup truck runs down the street with all cars parked.
A black pickup stops at the intersection.
A white van is turning left.
A grey SUV going straight.
Parked green bus switches lanes to get onto the street.
Mid-sized grey sedan keeping straight.
Black sedan keeps straight.
A blue car is going straight.
A black van going straight down the street.
A light gray sedan runs down the street.
A dark red SUV turns right and then drives straight.
A gray wagon runs down the street with some parked cars on both sides.
Black sedan going straight on road.
A black SUV drives up to an intersection between two other black vehicles.
A white SUV moves across the street with parked cars.
A silver SUV drives past parked cars behind a pick up truck.
Blue Sedan switching lane to right.
A black SUV is going straight after turning right.
A large white SUV is driving along a residential street.
A pickup drives with more cars behind it.
A white sedan turns right onto a busy road.
A white truck turns right to the main street.
A white sedan drives straight through the intersection.
White Pickup truck going straight.
A red MPV turns left.
A white van turns left.
A maroon large pickup truck runs down the street alongside other vehicles.
A gray SUV stops at the intersection followed by another white vehicle.
A black SUV is driving down the  street.
A white truck stops at the intersection before driving straight.
A black sedan is driving straight and passing parked vehicles.
A light grey SUV turns right. In camera 2 it's parked while several vehicles pass by.
A silver SUV runs down the street followed by another black vehicle.
A white wagon make a right.
A black SUV runs down the street followed by another truck.
A small blue crossover turns left.
A black sedan switch lane to left.
Red wagon turns right.
A white large van runs down the street followed by a gold sedan.
A purple Coupe with a convertible roof runs down the street.
A midsize cross-over waits in front of the stop sign and then turns left.
A red pickup drives forward down the road.
A red sedan keeps straight after turning left.
A white sedan runs down the street and follows a white SUV.
A dark gray sedan slows down and stops behind traffic.
A black SUV runs down the street followed by another black sedan.
A green BUS leaves the bus stop and turns right on the corner.
A gray sedan goes down the street with most of the cars parked.
A blue SUV is driving straight.
Black suv moving foward.
A red car drives straight down the road.
A small white sedan drives in front of another car.
A red car drives down the road.
A black car stops at an intersection.
A gray wagon turns left following white SUV.
A white truck turns left.
A gray pickup truck turns left near Hardees.
A small sedan drives down a residential street and passes parked cars.
A white car goes straight through an intersection.
A champagne sedan turning left on the street.
A black sedan turns right.
A black SUV briefly stops at the intersection before continuing straight.
A red sedan turns into the left lane before stopping at an intersection behind a light SUV.
A silver SUV drives up a road.
A red sedan turning left on the street.
A red pick up truck turns right at an intersection into the right lane.
A black pickup drives straight down a busy road.
It looks like a silver SUV driving alone on a road with no traffic.
A red pickup truck runs down the street followed by a red sedan.
A white sedan turns right at an intersection following another red sedan.
A gray pickup runs down the street with some parked cars.
A black SUV drives slow through traffic.
A white pickup truck slow down in a traffic.
A red sedan drives straight down a road.
Black SUV going straight on road.
Black wagon turning right followed by some traffic.
A black sedan keeps straight followed by the dark red vehicle.
A red SUV goes straight.
A green bus is stopped at a bus stop.
A white SUV drives down the road and passes parked cars.
Switch lane to left the car.
A white truck drives down the street followed by a silver vehicle.
Blue SUV stopping and then going straight at the intersection.
A red SUV runs down the busy traffic and then turns right.
A black SUV is going straight down the road.
A brown SUV stops to wait for the traffic light and then goes straight.
A shadowed SUV runs down the street passing a parking lot.
A silver SUV keeps running on a street with a biker passing by.
A black SUV waits behind a white sedan at the intersection and keeps straight.
A white sedan drives straight in the left lane.
A black SUV making a left turn at intersection.
A gray pickup truck runs down the street followed by another vehicle.
A black SUV runs down the empty street passing parking lot on the right.
A white sedan drives straight down a street.
A red SUV keeps straight following a gray sedan.
A navy blue SUV is driving down a residential street curving right.
Gray SUV keeping straight.
A gray sedan stops before the intersection.
A silver SUV is driving down a road with other cars.
Gray four door sedan goes straight down a road.
Going to the left lane.
A black pickup briskly turns right.
A red SUV turns right followed by another black vehicle.
A medium-sized black hatchback is walking on the right side of the street.
Large Gray Sedan turning left.
A white sedan turns left in a busy road.
A white coupe turning left.
A gray sedan keeps straight at an intersection and is followed by another vehicle.
A white SUV continues down the road.
A white pickup drives behind another car.
A white pickup truck keeps straight and goes past an island on the right.
A dark green SUV making a right turn at intersection.
A silver sedan runs down the street following several other cars.
A gray small sedan is driving straight through an intersection.
A red hatckback turns right at an intersection.
A gray SUV runs down the street followed by another silver vehicle.
A small gray sedan goes straight.
A gray van runs down the street in the line of other cars.
Silver chevy pickup truck with decals in the rear driving through the intersection.
A blue coupe runs down the road behind another black vehicle.
A black sedan goes straight at the street followed by another black vehicle.
A brown MPV turns right.
A gray sedan runs down the street behind another gray sedan.
A black pickup truck turns left.
A small black crossover turns right.
A black SUV stops at the intersection followed by three other cars.
A gray sedan keeps straight down the road behind another white vehicle.
A black hatchback runs down a street of parked cars.
A silver sedan stops.
Black color car running in the road following other black car.
A white SUV turns left and keeps straight along a street where a driver gets off a car.
A white cargo van passes through the intersection and goes all the way down the street.
A black SUV is coming to a stop behind traffic.
Grey SUV keeping straight followed by grey sedan.
A light grey pickup driving down the street.
A blue SUV does a left turn.
A midsize black sedan drives straight down a road.
A grey wagon keeps straight.
Silver car keeps straight followed by a white van.
Pickup truck keep straight at the road.
A silver sedan slows down behind a white SUV under a stop sign and turns right.
It switches line to pass a bicycle.
A black SUV is taking a right turn.
A silver van making a right turn at intersection.
A silver sedan travels in the left lane behind a dark SUV.
A black pickup turns left at the intersection.
A red pickup truck turns right.
A white sedan turns right followed by another black vehicle.
A blue car is going straight after turning right.
A black truck makes a right turn.
A grey SUV is driving at a slow pace down a street.
A gray Sedan keep straight on the road.
A small blue coupe waits at a red light until it turns green.
A silver SUV turns left onto the road and passes parked cars.
White SUV stops at the intersection then turns left.
White SUV turning left at the intersection.
A silver SUV follows a white vehicle before passing parked cars.
Red wagon keeps straight on right lane.
A red pickup truck runs down the street.
A white hatchback runs down the street.
A large white sedan drives down the road passing parked cars.
A light van turns right from the right lane.
A white pickup truck going straight down the street following other cars.
A white SUV continues straight in the left hand lane.
Sedan drives straight with no cars behind.
A gray pickup keeping straight the street through the curve.
A small black sedan continues straight through the intersection.
A red SUV drives down a busy road with an empty bike rack on the back.
There was a white car in front of him that turned left on the road.
A blue Pickup Truck running down the street.
A silver sedan keeps straight and overtakes a giant cargo truck.
A blue sedan is driving down a street with parked cars.
A white suv keeps straight.
A black pickup truck drives straight ahead.
A blue SUV runs down the S shape street.
A silver sedan runs down the street.
A blue sedan drives through an intersection.
A silver sedan turns to the right.
A white Jeep turns left passing parked pickup truck.
A black SUV follows a black van down the road.
A dark SUV stops at an intersection next to a green bus before turning left.
A white station wagon heads straight through a gentle curve on a 4 lane road.
A black large pickup truck crosses an intersection.
A sedan turns left on the intersection.
A red car turns left.
Light grey large SUV keeps straight down the road with a car in front and a car behind.
A grey sedan stopping at the intersection in the camera 1.
A black truck runs down the street.
A pickup leads others.
A white SUV turns left according to the order of the traffic light.
A black sedan stops.
A black SUV runs down the street and turns left afterwards.
Black SUV takes an s-bend behind two other vehicles.
A black SUV follows a queue and keeps straight.
Small gray sedan turning right and goes straight.
Red coupe is driving straight.
The black car stops at the light to take a left behind the red car.
White SUV following another car and makes a slight right.
A white suv turns right at the intersection.
Red Sedan going straight.
A white coupe turning left on the intersection.
A gray sedan run is stopped at the intersection and then proceeds straight.
A black sedan stops on the intersection with other vehicles.
A mid-sized black SUV drives straight down a road behind another SUV.
A black SUV turning right in a town street.
Black wagon keeping straight 'till the traffic light.
A grey pick up truck is running straight and is followed by a white sedan.
A blue van keeps straight behind another red vehicle.
A white suv maybe turns right.
Gray 4 Door Sedan Goes Straight In The Middle Of Two Cars.
Black SUV runs straight down the street.
A silver sedan turns left at an intersection then keeps straight.
A red sedan turns slightly left at an intersection.
A blue SUV drives straight in the left lane following a dark vehicle.
A black SUV stops at the intersection followed by another black vehicle.
A white SUV turns right at an intersection and then keeps straight.
Silver sedan keeps straight next to a white suv.
A black truck turns right into a street.
A white SUV drives straight.
A white SUV go straight at the street.
Coupe accelerating through the intersection.
A white wagon going straight down the street with cars parking on the side.
A white sedan drives in the right lane behind a dark vehicle and passes a parking lot.
A gray van runs down the street.
A black sedan turns left and then goes straight.
White track runs down the street followed by red car another vehicle.
A black SUV is stopped.
A silver sedan goes down the street.
A black sedan switch lane to right and keeps straight.
A white SUV drives towards a stop sign.
A black SUV runs down the street and takes a right turn at an intersection.
White SUV keeps straight.
Black pickup truck makes a left turn onto the street.
A white sedan turns right and goes straight down the street.
A white car drives down a road with other cards.
A midsize black Sedan running straight on the right side of the street.
A large dark gray SUV crosses a crosswalk as it enters an intersection.
A Blue sedan takes a left turn.
A silver 4 door sedan heads straight up the hill.
A red van following by the pickup turns right.
A grey SUV closely follows another vehicle.
A dark red van keeps straight followed by a silver sedan.
A gray sedan drives forward.
A white van stops at the intersection and keeps straight afterwards.
A gray Pickup Truck runs down the street.
A white sedan goes straight on the street.
A maroon wagon starts from a stop sign and goes around a curve.
Go in a street.
A blue SUV stops at the intersection.
Black chevy pick up truck drives straight.
The dark-red car is going straight.
A blue cross over goes straight with a similarily blue vehicle nearby.
A white working truck drives.
A black SUV is turning left.
A white sedan crosses a white SUV and then turns left at the intersection.
A faint yellow MPV goes pass by a convenience store.
A grey SUV stops at the intersection before continuing straight.
A red sedan approaching the intersection.
A midsize crossover.
A red sedan runs straight down the street.
A white pickup turns left.
A  gray SUV runs down the street followed by a gray car.
Gray sedan keeps straight behind a line of traffic.
A red SUV keeping straight following a silver car.
A red pickup truck going straight down the street.
A black SUV runs down the street followed by another sedan.
There was a black pickup behind the vehicle.
A midsize white vehicle slow down while passing  a bus.
A crimson-colored sedan goes straight.
A black SUV goes straight at the intersection.
A green SUV turns left at the intersection with all cars parked.
A white SUV runs down the street followed by another white vehicle.
A black pickup truck runs down the street following a blue sedan.
A white pickup truck crosses an intersection and keeps straight.
A silver coupe goes straight between two vehicles.
A green bus stopped at a stop.
Small red couple makes a right at intersection.
A red SUV turn right in an S format road and keep straight after that.
A gray SUV keeps straight following a gray coupe.
A grey suv made a stop at a stop sign and turned left.
Black SUV runs down the street amidst other vehicles.
A dark SUV turns right at the stop sign.
Sedan grey going straight.
A. gray SUV runs down the street passing houses.
Blue sedan going straight down the highway.
A gray SUV goes straight and comes to a stop behind another silver vehicle.
A white truck drives down a busy road and passes many parked vehicles on either side.
A maroon van turns left down a curved street.
A red pickup crosses an intersection.
A white sedan making a left turn and following a white pick up truck.
A gray wagon going straight down the street with cars parking on the side.
A white jeep goes straight.
A white SUV runs the road.
A black pick up crossed the car on the road.
Sedan (4 Door) goes in front of a gray car and stops at the intersection and then continues.
White SUV keeps straight followed by more vehicles.
A red car turns left behind a red truck.
A gray sedan drives down the street past parked cars followed by a dark red SUV.
White pick up truck going straight on road behind blue suv.
A black SUV stops at the intersection than keeps straight.
A blue sedan goes forward.
White sedan going straight on road.
A gray SUV runs down the street followed by another white SUV.
A white sedan drives straight down the road.
A black sedan runs down the street following another gray sedan.
Purple sedan turn right to avoid bicycle.
A dark red sedan runs down the street and turns slightly left.
A black SUV moves slowly in a queue.
A pickup truck runs down the street followed by another white vehicle.
A grey sedan runs down the street.
A gray wagon turns right after the stop sign.
A rufous sedan runs down the street with all other cars parked.
A gray pickup truck runs down the street.
A black SUV is turning right.
A black sedan goes straight on road.
A silver jeep turns right through an intersection.
A small SUV keeps straight.
A white van stops.
A dark blue sedan keeping straight on the street followed by another white vehicle.
A white wagon stops at a stop sign.
A green SUV moves straight and then stops at the traffic light.
A dirty Red Cross over runs down the street keeping straight.
A blue SUV runs on the street followed by another black vehicle.
A green wagon turns first turns left at an intersection then turns right at a parking lot.
Black sedan followed by another black sedan keeping straight.
A white sedan runs down the street followed by another white vehicle.
A gold SUV turns right at an intersection.
A black SUV stops.
A green cargo truck runs down the street.
A large dark gray pickup crosses an intersection.
A grey coupe keeps straight on the road without any other vehicle around.
White suv going left.
It turns right and another white Sedan is following it.
A small white van makes a right turn at a busy intersection.
A gray sedan crosses an intersection.
A small blue car driving on a left curve.
A white Van going straight down the street passing an intersection.
A black suv drives down a hill.
A white van goes straight through an intersection.
A purple sedan takes a U-turn.
A gray sedan drives through a green traffic light followed by a silver van.
Van driving straight in traffic.
A white SUV keeping straight after slow down on the intersection.
A red SUV goes straight down the street.
A grenn van runs down the street with all cars parked.
A dark gray SUV takes a left on to a small road off of a busy road.
A grey Sedan going straight down the street behind a black car.
A white sedan stops at a stoplight.
Red SUV with no car behind.
A white truck driving down the street with a white SUV following behind.
A black SUV drives down the street followed by a red vehicle.
Blue car driving straight.
A red sedan turns to the right followed bu another white vehicle.
A black 4 door sedan comes to a complete stop at an intersection.
A white sedan stops with other cars on the intersection.
A gray wagon drives across the intersection.
White car walking alone on its lane and turning slightly in the U curve.
A red sedan makes a right turn as it is followed by a gray sedan.
A gray 4-door sedan runs down the street.
A white SUV goes down the hill followed by another white car.
A white sedan follows pickup.
A white truck drives down the street followed by another white vehicle.
A blue SUV drives straight through the intersection.
A white SUV drives down the road before turning right.
Silver small SUV enters the road.
A red wagon keeps straight down a bendy road.
An SUV goes pass a parking lot.
A red sports car waiting for other cars to leave space.
Black suv takes an s-bend followed by another silver suv.
A dark gray sedan stops at an intersection.
A black pickup keeping straight on the street after the curve.
A dark red sedan runs down the street.
A black truck runs the road to straight followed by another vehicle.
A white truck drives straight down the road.
A black Pickup runs down the street then stops at the intersection and turns to the right.
Looks like a minivan.
A red SUV moving straight following a silver car.
Black sedan wuth a grey suv ahead.
Gray SUV goes straight on the right lane.
A black SUV drives down a busy street in front of a silver SUV.
A black Jeep turns left onto another street.
A gray SUV runs down the street and is followed by a blue sedan.
A blue sedan runs straight the intersection.
A silver SUV keeps straight down a curved road.
A white SUV making a left right at intersection.
A dirty green SUV runs down the street keeping straight.
A large red hatchback drives straight.
A gray sedan switches lane to right after another red vehicle.
A white SUV drives straight down a busy road before switching to the left lane in front of a silver vehicle.
Gray SUV going straight on road.
A silver sedan makes a slight right turn.
Black SUV stops at the intersection followed by another Black SUV.
White pickup truck followed by a cyclist.
A silver vehicle in traffic on the main street.
Small gray SUV headed straight.
A gray van turns left at an intersection.
A white sedan stops at an intersection.
A white sedan is following straight a bus.
A big green cargo truck drives down an intersection with many smaller cars running in different directions.
A red 4-door sedan turning the corner at high speed and going straight down the street.
A pickup truck drives past parked cars behind another vehicle.
A dark-red SUV is going straight slowly.
Red SUV keep straight in the multiple-choice.
A silver Dodge turns left on a street where a red pickup truck is waiting for the traffic light.
A white SUV runs down the street following another car.
A black SPV runs down the street.
A blue SUV keep straight across a crossroad.
A blue SUV runs down the street followed by another gray vehicle and then turns right at an intersection.
Car is followed by another car.
Blue Coupe runs down the street.
Red SUV go to the straight.
A black SUV switches to right to escape an island on the road.
A brown SUV stops at the intersection and then goes straight.
A white SUV walking down the street straight behind a golden car in the.
A silver sedan runs down the street behind a maroon vehicle.
A gray sedan drives straight in the left lane followed by a dark red vehicle.
White sedan followed by a grey car.
A black van runs down the street followed by a white SUV.
A white coupe runs down the street.
A white van tuns left at the intersection followed by another vehicle.
Red minivan traveling down the street.
A light hatchback stops at an intersection between two red vehicles.
A white SUV slows at an intersection.
A black SUV stops at the intersection followed by a white vehicle.
A black sedan keeps straight on a winding road.
A blue sedan keeping straight.
White vehicle stopping at an intersection the turning right.
A grey van runs after a white pickup truck and turn left.
A red SUV makes an illegal left turn.
A white van stops at the intersection.
A silver SUV travels down the road in the right lane.
A gray SUV runs down the road after turning left.
A gray van making a right turn at intersection.
A gray pickup truck runs down the street followed by a white pickup truck.
A blue SUV turns left at the intersection.
A red SUV driving straight on the road.
A black sedan goes down the street.
A red SUV runs down the street with a car making a turn in front of it.
Grey SUV going straight following grey truck.
A purple SUV making a left turn at intersection.
A silver SUV passes an intersection.
A white van is driving straight followed by another beige sedan.
A gold sedan runs down the street.
A white hatchback going straight down the street.
A white sedan turns right at the intersection followed by another white vehicle.
A black sedan drives down a busy road followed by a silver vehicle.
A black sedan first merges to the right line.
A white sedan drives straight past parked cars.
A dark gray sedan runs down the road followed by a blue hatchback.
A brown MPV stops at an intersection.
A white SUV keeps straight with two vehicles passing by on the opposite direction.
A white sedan goes forward.
Red car goes straight followed by a grey car.
A sedan moves fast and is getting close to another vehicle.
A black Sedan runs down the street straight.
A silver sedan crosses left at an intersection.
A green wagon turns right at the intersection.
A silver pickup truck is going straight along the street.
A black SUV stops at the intersection and slowly turns right.
A black pick-up truck turns right then parks behind another car.
Gray SUV keep straight in slow speed.
A brown-ish sedan drives straight.
A gray sedan keeps straight.
Dark gray SUV made right turn unto street.
It is a white vehicle turning left.
A gray SUV keeps straight down the road.
Black suv going left.
A black SUV turns left at an intersection and is then followed by a gray white car.
Red sedan going straight at the intersection.
A silver sedan turns right following a white vehicle going straight.
Blue sedan car run on the road and turn right and go straight.
A black sedan runs down the street followed by another silver vehicle.
A black Sedan going straight down the street passing an intersection.
A black SUV moving forward on a curving street.
A green wagon turns left on the intersection.
A black hatchback crosses the intersection.
A white SUV drives straight in the left lane followed by a dark vehicle.
A white SUV is parked.
A white truck drives down the road following a red SUV.
A black sedan turn left an street.
A gray suv runs down the street.
A gray sedan stoped at the intersection.
Black hatchback keeps straight.
A brown SUV stopped and then runs straight.
A white suv run down the street followed by another vehicle.
A large white pickup truck drives through an intersection after green light.
A white truck pulls up to an intersection.
Silver SUV keeps straight behind a white SUV.
A maroon SUV keeps straight on a curvy road.
A red sedan going straight down the street following another black car.
A red car go to the lane to right.
A blue sedan runs straight on the road.
A white pickup truck runs down the street behind a red pickup truck.
A blue pickup keeps straight.
A white jeep is keeping straight.
A black dirty SUB runs down the street following another SUV.
A black suv continues forward.
A red sedan making a left hand turn avoiding traffic.
A red 4-door sedan drives down the road past oncoming traffic.
A brown SUV goes straight with some other vehicles around.
A black vehicle stops at the intersection.
Black car makes a right at a junction.
A white small sedan turns left on intersection.
A black midsize SUV continues straight.
A huge green van making a right turn at intersection.
A blue SUV stops at the stop sign before it turns right.
A dark van stops at the intersection before turning left.
A red sedan exits an intersection and banks left.
Black Sedan going straight.
Red SUV keeps straight then pauses at the intersection before continuing.
White dodge pickup truck turns left at the intersection.
A white SUV drives down a bendy road.
A brown sedan keeping straight on the street.
A blue sedan runs down the street behind a black SUV.
A white SUV drives down a road.
A gray SUV turns right at the intersection.
A gray SUV stops at the intersection.
A red sedan stops at the intersection with another white car.
A black SUV pulls up to an intersection.
A red sedan keeps straight following a black vehicle.
A silver SUV runs down the street followed by another vehicle.
A large pickup is going straight in the Avenue.
A large pickup truck is making a right turn onto a major intersection.
It is a white sedan.
White pickup truck keeps straight through an intersection.
A dark SUV turns left into the left lane in front of a dark vehicle before continuing straight.
A black suv approaches an intersection.
A gray SUV is stopped at the light then proceeds to drive straight on a residential street.
It is a blue car driving on a street and one car passes by going in the opposite direction.
A gray pickup truck turns left on a busy road.
A sedan runs down the state road.
A dark red SUV travels down the road.
Silver small-sized sedan going straight.
A gray SUV going straight on the street.
A gray sedan runs down the street amidst other cars.
A black SUV turns right followed another red vehicle.
A silver sedan crosses an intersection at the highway.
A white suv merges into the right lane.
A black car approaches an intersection.
A black cross over going down the street on a straight lane.
A truck turns left and then stops before a stop sign when it is going to enter the main road.
A silver minivan continues straight on the road.
A white cross over switches its lane to the left.
A blue sedan crosses the intersection.
A white sedan turns right before switching to the left-most lane.
A white pickup truck turns left on the intersection followed by another silver van.
A red SUV making a right turn at intersection.
A small black seden makes a stop behind a red sedan.
A purple sedan goes straight and passes through one intersection.
A dark blue sedan going straight and crossing an intersection.
White car drives forward.
A white SUV switches lane to left.
A white SUV following traffic.
A gray SUV runs down the street with 3 vehicles passing by.
A red SUV drives down the street straight.
A gray pickup truck stops at the intersection behind another white behicle.
The red truck turned right at the intersection without stopping.
A red car parks on the side of the road.
A black jeep is driving forwards.
A dark blue coup runs straight down the street.
White SUV keeps straight behind a line of vehicles.
A silver SUV stops at the intersection.
A white SUV keeps straight and passes some houses.
A silver sedan goes straight at the intersection.
A silver midsized hatchback traveled straight down the road through an intersection.
A blue coupe travels around a curve.
A small white sedan is trailing behind a line of cars waiting to turn right.
A dirty red SUV crosses the intersection keeping straight.
A white sedan keeps straight with a black vehicle parking aside.
A silver sedan goes straight.
A white sedan stops after another gray vehicle.
A white SUV crosses an intersection going straight.
A silver small sedan keep straight.
Blue toyota rav-4 prepares to turn left.
A black car is going straight.
A white suv makes a right turn at an intersection.
White SUV pauses at the intersection then makes a right turn and goes straight.
Black coupe taking left turn after stopping.
A red wagon going straight down the street.
A silver sedan turns right at an intersection and then proceeds straight.
A black sedan runs down the street followed by another white vehicle.
A gray hatchback goes down the street before angling left.
White car go to the straight.
A white pickup runs down the street followed another red vehicle.
A mid-sized dark gray sedan follows the street as it curves leftward.
A silver sedan curves down a bendy road.
Dark blue SUV goes straight through an intersection.
A blue car stops.
A white van going straight down the street followed by another car.
Small red coupe goes straight down the road behind two cars.
White suv going straight.
A white hatchback behind sedan.
A green bus turns right and then  run down the street.
A silver sedan drives solo down the street.
A dark maroon sedan drives straight over a hill.
A blue sedan drives to a stop sign.
A gray SUV slows down and turns left.
A white wagon making a left turn at intersection.
A white SUV keeps straight and stops in the middle of traffic.
A blue sedan drives straight down the road.
A gray sedan turns right followed by another red vehicle.
A white suv drives straight down the road.
A white wagon continues down the street.
A dark green SUV follows a white sedan and about to turns left.
A silver SUV taking a left turn.
A gray hatchback going straight down the street with two cars following it.
A small white SUV runs down the street followed by a pickup truck.
A blue hatchback goes straight down the street.
White hatchback keeps straight up the street followed by a black pickup truck.
Black vehicle goes straight.
A white van with courier logos runs down the street.
A light gray van begins to make a left turn through an intersection.
A FedEx van goes straight.
A white pickup keeping straight after entering the street.
A silver wagon going down a curvy road.
A silver SUV runs down the street following a pickup truck.
A large blue hatchback drives down the street following a red vehicle.
A black sedan keeps straight down the street.
A light gray crossover turning right at a intersection.
A dark gray vehicle turns left into the right lane before continuing straight.
A white SUV keeps straight in the middle of a group of vehicles.
A blue pickup drives through the intersection.
A red SUV goes down the street as it is followed by a red sedan.
A red wagon turns right at a large intersection.
A white Jeep drives down the street followed by a dark SUV.
Small size blue car traveling on the road.
White sedan goes straight on road.
A black suv runs up the street.
A white car approaches an intersection.
A white SUV switch lane to right and crossing a lot of vehicles.
The grey SUV goes down the street followed by a white jeep.
Red sedan keeping straight with no vehicle behind.
A black cross overturns right at the intersection.
A white sedan going straight down the street followed by another blue car.
A white sedan turns left onto a busy street and slows down.
Large suv keep straight and cross a intersection.
A reddish maroon SUV turns left at a light in front of other oncoming cars.
A grey cross-over changes its lane and is ready to pass over another vehicle.
A black SUV turns right onto a road and continues straight.
A white wagon runs down the street.
Black Sedan runs down the street.
A blue wagon going straight down the street with cars parking on the side.
A white sedan sneaks through an intersection.
A blue SUV continues driving straight.
A red van runs on the street followed by another red vehicle.
White van turning left onto road.
A white sedan merged to the left lane.
A black suv drives down a busy road.
A white sedan stopped.
A black SUV drives down the street behind another car.
A gray sedan drives straight.
Blue truck with full bed following traffic.
Silver hatchback stopped at intersection.
A gray sedan runs down the lane.
A white pickup truck goes straight and passes through an intersection.
A red SUV runs the road to straight and turn right side.
A large burgundy SUV going straight after having made a left turn on an intersection.
A white sedan turns right at an intersection and then runs down the street.
A black sedan keeps straight through a traffic light.
A white SUV turns left at an intersection.
A black SUV turns left on a fork road.
A red sedan keeping straight through the curve.
A gray sedan turns right after a stop sign.
White car stopped at intersection then makes a right turn onto the street.
A red pickup moves straight following another pickup.
A black pickup truck runs down the street followed by another gray SUV.
A white pick up it´s keeping straight followed by another white van.
A light sedan turns right at the intersection.
A blue sedan drives straight through an intersection in the right lane next to another blue vehicle.
A black sedan runs down the road.
White pickup truck runs down the street followed by another pickup truck.
A silver wagon keeps straight.
A white SUV is stopped at the intersection waiting to turn left.
A white hatchback stops at an intersection.
Black sedan turn right onto the road.
A white car stops with other cars at an intersection.
Grey sedan turning right.
A silver sedan keeps straight followed by a white vehicle.
A black SUV drives down the street followed by a Gray SUV.
A white Van crosses the intersection followed by another car.
A gray sedan turns left at an intersection.
A dark red SUV turns right.
A midsize gray wagon continues straight down a road past a bunch of parked cars.
A black sedan switch lane to left from a parking space and keeps straight.
A black SUV switches lane to the right and is followed by another vehicle.
A White minivan going downhill.
A blue coupe keeping straight.
A blue sedan runs on the street.
A gray hatchback going straight down the street followed by a row of cars.
Red dodge SUV drives forward followed behind by a red sedan.
A white car is stopped at the intersection.
A red SUV came from a turn and was followed by a silver SUV.
A shadowed SUV drives down the road passing a parking lot.
A large gray sedan is driving straight behind a large van.
A black SUV pulls out of a parking lot and then turns left to go down the street.
A black SUV runs down the street alongside parked cars.
A silver hatchback turns right into a parking lot.
White suv stops at intersection then proceeds straight.
A blue Chevrolet SUV runs down the street followed by sedan.
A grey sedan moving straight being followed by a SUV.
A black SUV goes straight at the street.
A light gray SUV crosses an intersection and keeps straight.
A red vehicle continues straight.
A white hatchback follows a white SUV in the right lane before driving straight through an intersection.
A gray SUV makes a left turn.
A maroon sedan with a cream top runs down the street followed by another silver vehicle.
A black sedan going straight down the street followed by another white car.
Grey suv going left.
Black sedan stopped at intersection.
A large maroon SUV runs down the street followed by another sedan.
A red pickup truck turns right at an intersection.
Red sedan stops at intersection behind a white vehicle.
A gray Sedan switches lane to the left then switches back.
A black suv drives in front of other vehicles.
A white sedan turns right at the intersection with its light on.
A gray sedan turns right on the intersection.
A black pickup truck crosses an intersection and keeps going straight.
A blue sedan drives straight down a road.
A red pickup truck with white trim turns right at red light onto a two-lane road.
A black sedan runs down the street with many vehicles parking aside.
A white sedan drives.
A blue sedan turns right.
A black sedan slightly turns right along the street.
A SUV goes down the street after another dard sedan.
A gray SUV is going straight.
A blue SUV turns right at an intersection and continues down the street.
A white hatchback turns tight.
A purple SUV turns left at the intersections.
A white van slows down at an intersection and continues straight.
White pickup truck drives forward.
A brown MPV turns left.
Grey minivan stopped on a intersection.
The silver sedan turning right on a busy road.
A purple sedan going straight.
A dark SUV turns right at an intersection.
White sedan going straight.
A blue four-door sedan continues straight around a bend.
A red pickup runs on the street.
A black truck drives down a busy road.
Suburu Forester takes right into main street.
A blue SUV moves straight on the right lane.
A red SUV turns right.
A grey sedan stopped at the intersection.
Grey SUV going staight on road followed by SUV.
A gray hatchback turning left.
A blue sedan drives up a hill.
A red pickup truck turns right followed by another blue vehicle.
A white sedan slowly turns right.
A gray SUV keeps straight.
A gray midsize sports car going straight.
A green cargo truck / bus making a left turn at intersection.
A black SUV runs down the street with all other cars parked.
A blue car turns left then goes straight.
A black SUV turns left at the intersection.
A red pickup truck is crossing an intersection.
A red pick up truck drives straight followed by a blue Jeep.
A large red Pickup truck crosses the intersection keeping straight.
A white SUV stops on the intersection.
A white SUV makes a left turn followed by another vehicle.
A silver sedan drives down a bendy road.
A dark blue sedan runs down the street and slightly turns right along the street.
A red pickup truck drives straight.
White sedan stops at the intersection then take a left turn.
A small sedan drives down the road followed by a dark SUV.
Large white pickup truck runs down street trailing several other cars.
A red SUV runs down the street and passed a gray pickup truck.
A yellow sedan runs down the street.
A red pickup continues on a curved road.
A black SUV turns left onto a street of parked cars.
It is a white car with  black windows.
A gray pickup truck turns left.
A car stops at the intersection and then turns left.
A gray SUV runs across followed by another.
A White SUV runs down the street.
Gray sedan keeps straight followed by a maroon SUV.
A red SUV goes right.
A white sedan at a stop sign.
Red SUV going left.
A grey sedan heads straight down the road.
A small blue sedan keeps straight on the street.
A silver turns left onto a street where 3 cars are parking there.
Silver midsize SUV drives straight down the road and stops at an intersection.
A red pickup runs at the intersection.
A gray sedan is driving down a residential street.
A small sedan goes straight followed by another vehicle.
A white sedan follows some other vehicles.
A white SUV goes down the street with a white sedan passing by and turn right.
A maroon truck crosses the intersection.
A white SUV runs down the street with all cars parked.
A silver sedan turns right.
A white pickup truck runs down the street followed by another pickup truck.
A burgundy sedan stopped behind an a drak green SUV.
Move straight and at cross continue to left. There is a sedan behind it.
A red SUV going straight down the street with cars parking on the side.
An off-white car drives straight.
A grey minivan drives down the road.
Gray sedan travels between parked cars.
A black sedan is going across the street.
A white SUV  moving down the street followed by two other vehicles.
A white car continues after a left turn.
A red sedan keeps straight.
A grey sedan follows a white vehicle.
Silver suv/hatchback travelling down right side of road.
A silver gold SUV goes straight on the road.
Black SUV keeps straight followed by a gray SUV.
A black pickup waits at an intersection.
A white pickup runs ow the street.
A white pickup truck runs down the street followed by a gray vehicle.
A small sedan switching lanes.
A gray sedan drives down road with many cars.
A gray pickup truck runs down the S-shaped street.
A white pickup truck making a right turn at the intersection.
A silver sedan drives down the street followed by a dark van.
A blue pickup truck drives through an intersection.
A white van keeps straight through the intersection.
A sedan follows another vehicle.
A red SUV.
White pickup truck going straight in front of the red truck.
A white pickup truck switches to the right lane to turn at an intersection.
A red pickup truck follows another grey vehicle.
A black pickup truck straight down the street with another car to the front right.
A black sedan drives past a stoplight.
A blue SUV crosses the intersection keeping straight.
A dark-colored pickup truck is driving thru an S-curve.
A white pick up leading others.
A white SUV drives straight through the intersection.
A small dark red sedan turns left.
A black sedan changing lanes to the left and slowing down behind a dark jeep.
Red car turning right.
A maroon sedan turns right.
A dark grey sedan runs down the street with no cars behind it.
Light short right.
A white sedan waits in line to pass the intersection followed by a white pickup truck.
A dark red car drives along a road.
A white SUV following a gray SUV.
Maroon car goes straight at an intersection.
A dark red van turns right after running down the street.
A gray SUV keeps straight and turns slightly right and left along the street.
A black sedan moving down a street.
A vehicle keeps straight alongside another vehicle.
White SUV keeps straight in a line of traffic.
A gray is running the street with pedestrians passing by.
A blue pickup truck crosses the intersection with no cars in front of it.
A white SUV runs down the street followed by a gray vehicle.
A small sedan drives down the road behind a bus.
A purple SUV keeps straight on the road.
A red Sedan when down the road.
A large dark gray sedan cross a crosswalk as it goes across an intersection.
A white sedan turns right.
A silver sedan continues across a crosswalk as it goes along a 1 lane road.
A black SUV going down a curvy road.
A black MPV is taking a right turn.
A black sedan drives straight down the one-lane road.
Midsize dark grey SUV continues straight down the road.
Silver SUV goes straight.
A small dark grey cross over.
A small white sedan is driving straight down in the right of two lanes.
It goes straight without a car behind or in front.
A gray sedan follows black SUB and continue to keep straight as SUV turned right.
There is a sedan behind it.
A white sedan turns stops at the intersection and then turns left.
Jeep suv makes a left turn.
A white van drives behind more vehicles.
A white van stops at the intersection before the stop sign.
A black Wagon went straight ahead until stops in traffic.
A small silver sedan keeps straight.
A gray sedan runs down the highway.
There was a black car at the intersection of the track.
A dark red SUV runs down the street.
A black suv turns right.
A gray SUV runs down the street.
A gray pickup truck stops at the intersection.
A white coupe runs down the street on the left lane.
A white SUV runs down the street followed by a couple of other vehicles in distance.
White car keeps straight.
A red sedan runs down the street.
A gray SUV runs on the street.
A white pickup keeps straight down the orad.
A silver sedan breaks behind another car.
A gray van turns right at an intersection.
A white sedan runs down the road and stops at an intersection.
A dirty gray hatchback going straight down the street.
A large white van continues straight at a busy intersection into the left lane next to another white van.
A blue van turns left the street followed by another black vehicle.
A black sedan runs down the street keeping straight followed by another car.
A gray sedan runs through an intersection.
A gray car drives through an intersection.
A silver sedan moves slowly to turn right.
A red pickup truck making a right turn at the intersection.
A white coupe follows a black vehicle in a stright line.
A red van turns left.
A blue SUV is driving down the street.
A red cargo truck turns right.
A black jeep goes straight through an intersection.
A gray midsize SUV runs down the road behind a hatchback alongside parked vehicles.
A gray sedan drives through an intersection.
A golden sedan keeps straight followed by a police vehicle.
A red sedan slows down before the intersection.
White SUV goes straight down the street.
A white sedan turns left.
A silver sedan runs down the street following a red coupe.
Silver pickup truck takes an s-bend behind a black vehicle.
A gray sedan turns right at the intersection followed by a green bus.
Gray sedan going straight on road.
Red SUV switches to left lane and keeps straight.
A black SUV yielding before turning left on an intersection.
A grey SUV running down the street.
A white coupe switching to the right at a intersection.
White van does a left turn.
A white color SUV Crossed.
A midsize navy blue SUV runs down the street.
A white suv turns right.
A red small hatchback turn right and keep straight on the lane next to sidewalk.
A silver pickup truck turns left.
A pickup truck with a covered bed drives straight through an intersection.
White SUV with a grey SUV ahead.
A small sedan runs on and parks alone the street when the driver finds a slot. Both the driver and the passenger gets off the car when it is parked.
A white wagon turns right at the intersection followed by another gray vehicle.
A gray SUV runs down the street and stops at the intersection after a wagon.
A white sedan runs down the street followed by a white SUV.
Blue SUV goes down the street following a silver SUV.
A pickup truck runs down the street followed by another red vehicle.
A maroon sedan moving alongside other vehicles.
A blue sedan going straight at the intersection.
Grey suv go to the straight.
A large white SUV goes straight.
A black sedan turns left after white pickup passed.
A gray sedan keeps straight followed by a silver vehicle.
Blue pickup truck going left.
A gray SUV runs straight on the road.
Moving straight with normal speed.
Gray van turning left while a white pick up truch goes the other direction.
A white SUV.
A dark gray SUV turns right at the intersection followed by another vehicle.
A large gray SUV in a lot of traffic continues straight down a curvy road.
White pick up truck goes straight followed by a gray pick up truck.
A grey SUV drives straight passing parked vehicles.
A silver minivan turns left.
A large black pickup turns right.
A white sedan slowing down and turning right on an intersection.
A silver SUV runs straight through an intersection.
Small red car drives straight on a busy road.
A blue pickup truck runs down a curved street followed by another SUV.
A purple SUV keeps straight slowly.
Small white sedan comes to a stop behind traffic.
Black coupe turns left cutting off white van.
Blue suv rolls forward and stops.
Gray Sedan running down the street.
Red cross over Keep Straight the street following a grey car.
A white sedan begins to turn left.
A dark SUV turns left onto the road.
A black SUV runs through the S-shaped street.
A black car continues down the street.
An orange minivan in traffic makes a right turn.
A white SUV runs down the street followed by another vehicle.
A silver sedan runs down the street followed by a white van.
A silver car turns left at the intersection.
A white SUV runs down the street passing speed limitation sign.
A black SUV follows a queue to turn right.
White SUV keeps straight passed a parked line of cars.
A small black SUV goes down the street behind a white Chevrolet and stops at an intersection.
A white Sedan runs straight passed through a street that there's full of car parking.
A silver vehicle passes parked cars following another silver vehicle.
A black sedan turns right after slowing down.
A white Van is turning left with a gray van following.
A white van going straight down the street passing an intersection.
A black truck drives straight through the intersection.
A sliver SUV in front of a blue vehicle turns right.
A black sedan goes slowly after an SUV.
A gray hatchback turns right and then runs down the street.
A black pickup turns left onto the road.
A gray sedan passes through a fork intersection.
A black SUV runs down the street followed another white vehicle.
A white pickup truck with a large metal box in the backcrossing an intersection in front of a white SUV and two other dark-colored cars.
A red SUV goes down the street followed by a black car.
A hatchback grey car turns right and stops on the stop signal.
White van on the road.
A black sedan car walking straight down the avenue with a red car coming in the opposite direction.
A black wagon runs down the street passing a white house on the right side.
A silver cross-over takes a left turn.
A white ford mustang drives straight.
Silver van taking a left in a traffic light intersection.
A silver Chevrolet turns left and runs down the street following by a large pickup truck.
Grey 4 door sedan turning right.
Grey 4 door sedan in the right-hand lane going straight.
A silver sedan goes straight down the street.
A silver Sedan going straight down the street.
A gray Van turns left then keeps on straight and stops at the intersection.
A blue sedan turns left.
A black sedan drives slowly behind another vehicle.
A white can drives down a road.
A black sedan runs down the street followed by another white car.
A black SUV turns right on the intersection.
A red SUV curves down a street.
Red SUV keeps straight.
White car stopped at signal and turned right.
A black sedan.
A pickup drives straight.
A red MPV going straight.
A gray sedan goes straight at an intersection ahead of a black vehicle which goes right.
A white sedan drives down the road followed by a dark sedan.
A black SUV turns left at an intersection behind another sedan.
A blue sedan runs down the street alongside many parked vehicles.
A black sedan turns right at the intersection.
White car go to the straight followed by another vehicle.
Blue SUV turns right onto street then goes straight followed by a white vehicle.
A red SUV stops at the intersection followed by a black car.
White wagon keeping straight.
Truck turned to the left followed by black car.
A white SUV runs down the street.
A dark blue mid-sized SUV is driving straight after waiting at the light.
A white sedan runs down the street with parked cars.
A red sedan keeps straight through an intersection.
A silver SUV making a left turn at intersection.
A black sedan exits an intersection followed by a grey van.
A white SUV runs down the road.
A white pick up turning a corner.
Gray sedan crosses intersection.
A light gray sedan drives straight preceded by a larger white car and followed by a blue car of the same size.
A small gray SUV drives down the street and takes a left. Street has many parked cars.
A gray SUV turns right and left on the same road to keep running straight.
A white sedan turns right into a main street.
A gray Sedan going straight down the street followed by another red car.
A small SUV drives straight on the busy street.
A midsize gray SUV is turning right the street.
A midsize black sedan truns right and drives off.
Silver chevy cargo truck turns left.
A white sedan runs down the street in a busy traffic.
A silver SUV runs down the street.
A blue Jeep is going straight.
A gray sedan stopped at the intersection and kept straight afterward.
A red pick-up truck is going straight.
A black pickup crosses a wide intersection.
A white mini van driving straight down the street behind a white pickup truck.
A gray small car is turning left.
A white pickup turns right.
Red SUV going straight down roadway.
A black pickup truck runs straight and then turns left at an intersection.
A large wagon merges right to park.
A white wagon goes down a curvy road.
A black sedan turns right followed another white vehicle.
Black pickup truck makes a left turn at the intersection.
Grey SUV going straight.
A maroon sedan runs down the street and crosses an intersection.
A gray SUV turns left and then keeps straight down the road.
It moves straight. There is another car behind it around 20m.
Black pickup truck follows a black car down the street.
White SUV go to the straight followed by another red vehicle.
A silver van turns left and keeps straight right after.
A red sedan turning left.
A gray vehicle keeps going straight on a lane.
A white pickup turns left at the intersection.
A white pickup truck goes straight.
A gray van turns right and then keeps straight down the street.
A blue sedan goes straight on the street.
A gray SUV turns left at the intersection.
A black pickup runs across an intersection.
A white SUV switches to the right lane ahead of a black vehicle.
A gray sedan follows behind a line of cars.
A black truck is turning right in front of a white vehicle.
White pickup merges onto traffic from left lane.
A dark gray van drives straight through an intersection.
Red sedan straight.
A red SUV going down a curvy road.
A white coup follows a line of vehicles straight down the street.
A black suv runs slowly after a right-urn black car.
Black suv going straight.
A gray Sedan runs down the street followed by two vehicles.
A green bus driving straight the street.
A black Hatchback runs down the street followed by a black car.
A black sedan turns right and overtakes another black vehicle during the right turn.
A white SUV switches to the right lane before pulling up to an intersection.
A white SUV crosses an intersection.
A purple sedan followed by another vehicle.
A blue pickup follows straight.
After stopping at red light.
A white pickup truck going down the street followed by a car and a bus.
A gray suv runs down the street followed by another vehicle.
A gray MPV goes straight.
A silver pickup truck runs down the street.
A white Wagon waits in line to keep straight.
A maroon sedan keeps going straight.
A white van drives down the road passing a parking lot.
A white SUV follows a gray van down the street.
A white SUV runs down the street followed another red vehicle.
Black van goes straight through an intersection parallel to a black pickup truck.
A gray sedan keeps straight down the road.
A white pickup merges right.
A silver sedan.
Black SUV keeps straight down the street.
White Pickup Truck runs down the street.
A dirty red SUV runs on the street.
A red pickup keeps straight at the street.
A white pickup truck keeps straight.
Grey SUV going straight on road.
A black SUV stops behind another vehicle to wait for turning right.
A red wagon keeps straight down the road.
A red sedan stopped right behind another vehicle.
Black pickup truck passes the intersection behind a gray truck.
A white sedan passes a parked dark van on a residential road.
A moving white SUV turning the street to the left.
A gray hatchback making a left turn at intersection.
An suv turns left then keeps straight.
A white van turns right followed by another red vehicle.
Silver hatchback makes a right turn at the intersection.
A white sedan slows down behind a black SUV and turns left.
A gray sedan moves straight passing parked pickup.
A silver hatchback continues straight down a road.
A blue car runs down the road followed by a black car.
A gray Van stops at the intersections on a busy road.
A blue hatchback going straight down the street followed by another blue car.
A white SUV runs down the road between two other cars.
Red car most likely 4 doors headed straight.
E.g. A black SUV runs followed by another black vehicle and turn on right.
A gray sedan stopped at the intersection.
A black SUV stops at the intersection and then turns right.
Red car waits at intersection then turns left.
A small sedan keeps straight.
A blue sedan switched lane to right.
Small maroonish car probably a hatchback going straight.
A white delivery van runs down the road.
A black van keeps straight and turns left at an intersection.
A small sedan among other cars.
A grey SUV made a left turn onto a two-lane street.
A white pickup truck runs straight through the intersection.
A dark red wagon runs down the street.
A gray sedan drives down a residential street followed by a red vehicle.
A blue pickup truck keeps straight.
A blue SUV keeps straight.
Black SUV changing lanes and then turning right on road.
A gray sedan runs up the street alone.
A gray Jeep SUV drives through an intersection while following behind a truck.
Green bus turning left on road.
A hatchback drives down the street passing a parking lot.
Black sedan going straight on the road then turning left.
A blue SUV drives down the street followed by a silver vehicle.
A blue sedan runs down the street followed by another vehicle.
White Van going straight and comes to a stop behind a black SUV.
A gray hatchback stops at an intersection.
A black sedan keeps straight on a street.
A large burgundy Hatchback.
A silver SUV turns right onto the street followed by a white SUV.
A taxi van turns right and drives straight down a road.
A white Ford Mustang runs down the street on busy road following another car.
A gray sedan passes parked cars followed by a red vehicle.
A white suv takes a left into a parking lot from a busy street.
A black sedan keeps straight passing through a parking lot.
A black sedan keeping straight.
A white van pulls up to an intersection before stopping.
A silver SUV makes a left turn.
White SUV keeps straight down the winding road.
White car goes straight.
A sedan drives through the intersection.
A white pickup truck making a left turn at intersection.
A blue SUV does a right turn.
A black SUV keeps straight down the road.
A black pickup truck making a right turn at the intersection.
A white MPV runs down the street.
A black car with half white rooftop run up on the street.
Gray SUV is overtaken by a green bus.
A blue car followed by a red car moves forward slowly.
A white van turns right.
A blue SUV going straight down the street.
A black pickup truck switches lane to the right.
A purple cross-over turns left at the intersection when the light allows.
A gray SUV runs down the street following another SUV.
A green pickup truck with items in the back.
A black sedan runs down the street alongside a large pickup truck.
A silver sedan drives down the road.
A mint wagon turns left at the intersection.
It moves straight and then it stop at xcross.
A black pickup keep street between two other cars.
A blue SUV turns right followed by a white vehicle.
A dark blue wagon pulls a U turn in the middle of the street.
A white van making a right turn at intersection.
A blue sedan keeps straight.
There is a gray sedan behind it.
A gray Toyota runs down the street.
A maroon SUV turns left through the middle of a street.
Grey car keeps straight followed by a white pickup truck.
A white SUV turns left.
A black SUV stops at the intersection a few seconds and turns left.
A champagne sedan keeping straight down the street followed by another white vehicle.
A res suv keep straight in the lane next to the sidewalk.
A blue hatchback turns right to enter a road.
A black hatchback crosses straight through an intersection.
A maroon sedan crosses an intersection and keeps straight down the street.
A gray SUV that is making a right turn at an intersection.
A dark red sedan is about to turn right.
A gray SUV runs down the street followed by another vehicle.
A black SUV turns left at the traffic lights.
A dark brown or black sedan drives past several cars parked on the side of the road while followed by a white vehicle.
A blue SUV driving straight down the road following two other cars and being followed by another car.
A large SUV drives straight through the intersection in the left lane.
A red sedan runs down the street with all other cars parked.
A large white car keeps straight down a residential road.
A tan car crosses an intersection.
A white pickup truck is driving straight on a busy road.
A black SUV going straight down the street.
It move straight and it end stopped at xroad.
A black SUV is going straight.
A white jeep is probably going straight.
A maroon SUV runs down the street.
A black sedan passes through a store and turns slightly right.
A silver Jeep runs down the street and turns left and right along the street.
A black van runs down a street where cars are parking aside.
White Waggon turn right.
A white SUV turns right at the intersection followed by a black vehicle.
A Jeep runs down the street behind a white pickup truck.
A white car follows a pickup straight.
A blue sedan runs downs the street.
White pickup truck turns right.
A red truck drives down the street followed by a dark Jeep.
A white van going down a curvy road.
White hatchback switch lane to right.
A gray suv runs go to the straight followed by another vehicle.
A silver sedan drives past parked cars followed by a white van.
A gray sedan turns left along the street.
A red sedan stopped at he intersection behind a gray SUV.
Gray SUV follows behind a yellow car going straight.
A silver hatchback drives straight down the street.
Blue suv bares left.
Silver car stops at the intersection then passes through.
A black pickup runs on the street.
White van going straight on road.
A gray SUV keeps straight down the street following a white vehicle.
A dark gray sedan drives straight through an intersection following a large white vehicle.
A gray sedan keeping straight on the street followed by other vehicles.
A silver sedan making a left turn.
A gray van crosses an intersection followed by another white truck.
A gray SUV is turning right.
A blue sedan making a left turn.
A white truck turns left onto the street.
A white sedan runs down the street following another car.
A small purple sedan keeps straight.
A black SUV keeps straight on a curvy road.
A light gray SUV turns right at an intersection and then runs down the street followed by another vehicle.
A gray wagon turns right.
A gray SUV runs down the street across several stopped vehicles.
Red SUV turning left.
A gray sedan drives past a parking lot.
A dark truck drives straight through the intersection.
A black SUV stops at an intersecion.
A silver minivan turns left from a stop at an intersection.
Gray sedan traveling in right lane crosses crosswalk.
A red van runs straight down the street followed by a blue truck.
A black wagon going straight down the street with cars parking on the side.
A black SUV runs down the street behind another vehicle.
Black sedan going left.
A dark gray sedan drives straight in the right lane on a curved road.
A red Sedan runs down the street and turns right.
A black pickup keeps straight with some other vehicles.
A dark sedan turns left at an intersection.
A black SUV drives past parked cars followed by a white vehicle.
A silver pickup drives straight.
A white sedan keeping straight down the street.
A red SUV goes straight and follows a gray sedan.
A white sedan runs the road and turn right side.
A gray sedan stops at the intersection for a while and turns right along the street.
A red sedan runs down the road behind a red SUV.
A maroon SUV runs straight down the street followed by another vehicle.
Black sedan goes straight over intersection followed by gray car.
A blue SUV drives straight.
A red Sedan runs through an intersection while running through a red light.
Red suv turns left onto road.
A purple MPV in a queue moves slowly with a lot of vehicles around.
A white suv turned left.
A gray sedan drives down the street as it is followed by red hatchback.
A black sedan drive straight down a street.
A black pickup truck runs down the street.
A black SUV takes a left at the intersection with a white truck in front of it.
A black sedan runs down the street behind another sedan.
A white sedan going straight down the street.
A silver van keeps straight with vehicles parking aside.
A white sedan runs down the street  behind another vehicle.
A silver SUV drives down the street followed by a blue SUV and a white truck.
A black SUV runs on the street.
A white sedan switches lane to the right.
Grey van taking left turn.
A red SUV runs down the road followed by a black vehicle.
A white van runs down the street followed by gray sedan.
Purple Sedan going straight.
A white SUV runs down the street followed another black vehicle.
A gray sedan is stopped at an intersection.
A white sedan is following a blue midsize SUV down the street.
A light sedan drives past parked cars.
Grey 4 door sedan with no other traffic on the road.
A purple sedan switches lane to left.
A black pick up truck is turning right.
White sedan kept straight.
Red SUV followed by black SUV.
A grey SUV runs down the street.
A black SUV stops behind a line of vehicles at a stop sign and then turns right.
A gray SUV drives down the road.
A white SUV stops at the intersection followed by another blue vehicle.
A silver Hatchback runs down the street.
A black van runs down the street overtaken by another black vehicle on the left side.
A red SUV is driving straight along a residential street.
A red SUV drives straight on the right lane.
A black SUV drives down a busy road where many other cars are parked on both sides of the road.
Gray SUV keep straight on the middle of the road.
The car traveling on straight.
A silver SUV keeps straight passing an intersection.
A white SUV stops at an intersection and then turns right.
A black SUV runs down the street and is followed by another black vehicle.
A pickup truck goes straight.
A blue SUV moves forward through an intersection.
Pickup truck side by side with the vehicle with moonroof.
A light blue van slowly turns right.
A gray SUV travels straight along a road.
A silver suv turns and then stops at an intersection.
A silver sedan keeps straight alone its way.
Black SUV driving straight down the road.
A white truck drives straight followed by a white SUV.
An MPV keeps straight on its lane.
A soft grey car SUV switch lane to right and runs down the street followed by a black pickup truck.
Black SUV keeps straight on an S-bend.
A gray SUV runs down the street with all other cars parked.
A white SUV running straight following a sedan had crossed the signal.
A purple sedan keeps straight.
A silver wagon runs down the street and keeps straight.
A red SUV stops at the intersection and continues to move forward.
A white jeep keeps straight after turning left.
A white pickup truck going straight down the street with cars parking on the side.
A small gray vehicle drives down a road closer to another car.
A gray pickup truck making a left turn at the intersection.
A white SUV continues to move straight after a stop on the intersection.
A white hatchback going straight down the street with the black car in the front and grey car in the back.
A red sedan runs down the street with parked cars on both sides.
A red hatchback drives down the road before stopping.
A small car turns left.
Grey suv stopping.
A black sedan turns right following black Jeep.
A black SUV runs down the street followed by another SUV.
A black SUV runs down the street on a busy traffic.
A gray sedan runs down the road and overtakes a black car.
A red van turns left onto the main street and turns right shortly after keeping straight.
A blue pickup truck running down the street straight behind a red pickup.
A gray SUV runs down the street with some parked cars on both sides.
A black sedan keeps straight on the lane.
A red SUV comes from a turn and runs down the street followed by a white SUV.
A car goes straight.
A red coupe keeps straight.
A white SUV makes a right turn before traveling straight down the street.
A black coupe keeps straight on the street followed by a Jeep.
A white SUV runs down the street on the left of a red vehicle.
A silver pickup goes straight.
A white pickup is going straight.
This white pickup truck keeps going straight at a traffic light.
The grey SUV goes straight down the road.
A brown pickup truck is crossing straight through an intersection at the highway.
A black van stops at an intersection.
A black car is turning left.
A black Chrysler sedan drives straight down the right lane of a moderately busy four-lane two-way road.
A large truck drives down the street behind a red sedan.
A white SUV makes a slight turn following the road.
Maroon minivan hesitated then crossed intersection.
A white sedan turns right followed by another grey vehicle.
A black sedan merges left and begins driving.
A white suv car go to the turn left.
A gray sedan keeping straight down the street followed by another white vehicle.
A large midsize black sedan.
A silver MPV turns left.
A white SUV stops at the intersection followed by another car.
A black van turns left onto a street.
A black sedan quickly drives down the road.
A white wagon goes straight on the street.
A small sedan runs down the street passing parked cars.
A black sedan turns right into a parking lot.
A black wagon merged to the left lane.
A white SUV making a left turn at intersection.
White SUV stopping at intersection before proceeding.
A grey wagon keeps straight on the street.
A blue SUV stops at a stop sign.
A black sedan travels down the road and stops at an intersection.
A wine small SUV keep straight.
A dark gray van continues straight down the road followed by a red vehicle.
A black SUV turns right followed by a red SUV.
A gray SUV goes straight down the street.
A white car is going straight along the street.
A silver sedan goes straight and passes through an intersection.
A black SUV keeps straight on the way.
White SUV turning left on intersection.
A red SUV turns left at the intersection behind another gray vehicle.
A white sedan going straight down the street followed by a row of cars.
A black SUV turning right on the street.
A midsize grey sedan runs down the street.
A small sedan car walking straight down the avenue behind a car.
A red coupe just keeping straight on the avenue.
A gray sedan goes straight.
A grey sedan making a right turn and then keeping straight.
A white wagon runs down the road followed by 2 cars.
A red pickup truck turns left onto a busy street.
A grey SUV is keeping straight down the street as a another car makes a turn to get behind it.
A black sedan runs down the street behind another vehicle.
A white pickup stop after another white vehicle.
A white SUV merges to the right lane.
A white van runs down the street and is about to overtake a red vehicle.
Blue SUV stops at the street corner than keeps straight.
A small white sedan keeps straight.
A white cargo truck going straight down the street passing an intersection.
A dark grey sedan going down the street.
A grey pickup truck turns right onto a side street.
A blue SUV is stopped at an intersection followed by another white vehicle.
Black car drives straight down the street.
A black SUV runs down the street with two other cars in front and behind.
A silver sedan goes straight along its way.
A silver sedan keeps straight down the road.
A large black SUV turns right at an intersection.
A black SUV stops at the intersection.
A white SUV keeps straight followed by a white Jeep.
A black SUV runs down the street behind a sedan.
A gray Sedan runs down the street.
A white van keeps straight across a wide intersection.
A gray sedan runs down the street and stops after another vehicle.
Blue sedan goes forward.
A sedan keeps straight.
A gray Cross-over keeps going straight on a road.
A black sedan makes a left at the intersection.
A maroon sedan runs down the road alongside many parked vehicles.
A white sports car keeps straight.
White van goes straight over intersection.
A large white utility pick up truck.
A gray pickup truck runs down a street where a driver is taking off the car.
A white SUV drives straight in the left lane.
A large silver hatchback drives straight in the left lane.
A black SUV that was stopped at an intersection proceeded straight.
A blue sedan moves straight passing cargo truck on the intersection.
A black sedan runs down the street with a red vehicle in the opposite lane.
Red dodge van drives straight.
A gray Cross over make a turn to the right.
A blue-black sedan goes down the street with a red sedan going the opposite direction.
A silver SUV turns slightly right following a pickup truck.
A white car drives across an intersection.
A black sedan drives through a gentle curve on a 4 lane divided highway.
Red car travels straight behind another car.
A gray sedan downs in the street.
E.g. A gray sede n runs down the street no another  vehicle come.
A gray SUV is followed by a red pickup.
A silver cross-over passes an intersection and then goes straight.
A black small sedan stopped at the traffic signal and runs thru straight.
A large truck runs down a busy street.
Silver suv makes a right turn at intersection.
A black car is going straight along the street.
A white SUV is going straight after turning left.
A green BUS runs down the street.
A gray car is going straight.
Silver van going trough intersection.
A black suv keeps straight.
A red couple car is going straight and not stopping at all.
A gray wagon runs down the street.
A maroon pickup truck runs down the street followed by another gray vehicle.
A maroon SUV is in the far right lane with other vehicles and makes a right turn.
A small white SUV turns left.
A red SUV stopping behind a white pick up truck at the intersection followed by a  white Jeep.
A red sedan runs down a busy street with many vehicles parking aside and many vehicles follow and pass by on the opposite direction.
A white van  making a right turn at intersection.
A silver van turns right onto the road.
A large SUV stops at the intersection before turning right.
Gray SUV going straight down the road.
A white pickup truck turns right towards the parking lot.
A white suv drives down a curvy road.
Blue sedan does a right turn.
A black pickup truck keeps straight for a while and turns left.
A red pickup truck keeps straight following a black vehicle.
A silver sedan making a right turn at intersection.
Gray sedan goes straight around a curve down the road.
White vehicle gradually switches lanes.
A grey hatchback took a left at the intersection followed by a black hatchback.
A red SUV going straight down the street.
A Red pickup truck runs down the street followed by a black SUV.
A white MPV turns right.
A blue sedan moves straight through the intersection.
A white Police SUV drives straight down the road.
A black van keeps straight in a neighbourhood.
Gray SUV running down the street behind a white car.
A white MPV turns right at the intersection.
A white van slowly drives straight on the right lane of the street.
A dark hatchback drives straight through a busy intersection in the left lane.
Pickup truck goes straight followed by other vehicles.
A gray SUV going straight down the street with cars parking on the side.
A red sedan stops at intersection and makes a left turn at intersection.
A blue SUV following another white SUV and switching lanes to the right.
A gray sedan going straight down the street with cars parking on the side.
A red SUV drives down a busy road.
A gray MPV runs down the street.
A dirty black pickup keeps straight.
A white SUV crosses an intersection and runs straight down the street.
A white suv goes straight across the intersection.
A white truck drives straight through the intersection in the left lane.
A white MPV passes through an intersection.
A black jeep keep straight down a road.
A white SUV stopped at the intersection and then goes across it.
Yellow car keep straight.
A blue sedan runs through an intersection.
A blue sedan stopped at the intersection.
A black SUV runs down the street.
A maroon sedan runs down the street with all other cars parked.
A white Dodge Grand Caravan follows the curves to continue straight.
A silver suv drives straight.
A white sedan turns left at the ontersection.
A big car turning right.
A black SUV runs down the street following another car.
A taxi minivan takes a right and drives straight down a city/ suburban street.
A white pickup truck making a left turn.
A small coupe is driving straight down the road.
A black minivan is stopped at an intersection and is waiting to turn right.
A white SUV going straight down the street with cars parking on the side.
A white van goes straight along the road.
Car follows a white van.
A red SUV runs down the street followed by another red vehicle.
A white SUV stop after another white SUV.
A dark red SUV does a left turn then runs straight down the road.
A silver coupe keeps straight on the right side of a traffic.
White Sedan runs down the street.
Gray Sedan going straight.
A white van going straight the road.
Small blue sedan goes straight down the road.
A silver SUV turns left at the intersection.
A white sedan drives down an urban/suburban street in between 2 SUVs.
A grey sedan turning right.
A black sedan runs on the street.
A Silver SUV keeping straight followed by maroon car.
A gray sedan drives in front of another car.
A red SUV is pictured running down the street.
A pickup truck taking left.
A gold sedan turns left at an intersection.
A white 4-door sedan goes straight across an intersection.
A blue sedan runs down the street followed by gray sedan.
A black sedan stops at the intersection.
A small red sedan turns right at an intersection.
A massive white SUV drives through an intersection as it is followed by a dark grey sedan.
A gray sedan turns left and right along the street.
White car keep straight behind another vehicle.
A red van stops at a intersection.
Red jeep keeps straight behind a silver sedan.
Go in street.
White SUV followed by an intense traffic.
A white sedan turns left at a stop sign.
A gray SUV switches to the right lane to park.
A red SUV turns right at the intersection.
Grey sedan going straight following red sedan.
A black SUV stops at the intersection and keeps straight afterwards.
A white Jeep is going straight.
A blue sedan runs down the street.
A red pickup truck goes straight on the street.
A red hatchback moves through intersection.
A silver sedan runs down the street followed by another vehicle.
A blue pickup truck keeps straight at an intersection.
White wagon makes a left turn then goes straight.
Buick suv takes a left turn.
A white sedan drives straight down a curved road.
White truck rolling down.
A black car drives next to another car.
A grey SUV moving straight.
A gray sedan goes straight on the road.
A red truck goes straight.
A silver suv keeps straight.
A green bus drives straight down a road.
A silver pickup truck followed by a white SUV turns left.
A white pickup truck is going straight.
A grey hatchback making a left turn.
A white sedan drives down a bend in the road.
Red hatchback going straight.
A gold sedan keeps straight on a street.
A black sedan goes straight to followed by a white sedan.
A gold sedan is moving down the street.
A white sedan is driving straight next to some parked cars.
A yellow SUV runs down the street.
A red car drives through an intersection.
A maroon SUV turns right at an intersection.
A midsize gray sedan continues straight down a road behind a burgundy coupe.
A silver van turns right on a fork road.
A white sedan runs down the street with some other cars parked.
The grey color SUV crossing over the Intersection.
A black jeep drives behind another car.
Red coupe switches into left lane before intersection.
A silver sedan turns left.
A gray sedan runs down the street with a pedestrian passing by.
A gray SUV is followed by another white vehicle.
A Large light grey SUV keeps straight down the road.
A white SUV turns right at a intersection.
A black pickup truck going straight down the street passing an intersection.
A red pickup drives straight down the road.
Blue sedan turns left onto the main street.
A dark van drives through the intersection.
A large green bus is making a right turn.
A small red pickup turning to the right of the street.
A white pickup truck goes down the streets followed by a black pickup truck.
A silver sedan goes uphill on a street followed by another black vehicle.
A black pickup crossing straigt at the intersection.
A red wagon turns left onto a busy road.
A blue car going straight down the avenue.
A white sedan is stopped at an intersection and then turns right.
A black pickup runs straight up the street.
. followed by a gray vehicle.
White SUV large size turns right at street corner than keeps straight.
A black pickup truck turns left with a pedestrian nearby.
A midsize blue sedan runs down the street.
A dark SUV follows a white vehicle to an intersection.
The black sedan runs down the street followed by a black pickup truck.
Black SUV went straight ahead.
A black SUV runs down the street followed by another black SUV.
A gray vehicle turns right.
A gray SUV turns right at the stop sign.
A gray SUV runs down the street followed by another pickup truck.
A small gray station wagon takes a left at an intersection after a city bus.
A deep red MPV runs behind a turn-left SUV.
Grey van taking left turn onto road.
A black sedan goes straight.
A small black sedan turns left to merge in another road.
A blue pick up truck drives down the street behind a red vehicle.
A white sedan runs down the road and passes line of cars moving in opposite direction.
A silver sedan drives straight past a white utility truck traveling in the opposite direction.
A grey SUV turns left with all other cars parked.
A gray sedan runs down the street followed by wagon.
A White SUV running down the street.
A white car turning right at the intersection.
A blue wagon runs down the street.
A white SUV is going striaght after turning left.
A white pickup keeps straight.
A white Sedan turns right and runs down the street.
A gray SUV turns left to the  street.
A blue pickup drives forward down the road.
Gray SUV keeping straight on a street with a little traffic.
Pickup turning left.
A white jeep turning right on the street.
A red sedan goes straight followed by another car.
A white jeep takes a left onto a street.
A gray cross over turning left on the intersection after the bus.
White Sedan turns right.
A blue SUV runs down the empty street.
A white pickup truck first waits for a pedestrian to cross the road and then for another vehicle.
A car drives down a road.
Black SUV keeps straight behind a black car.
A white sedan keeps straight down the road.
An SUV turns right and goes straight.
A silver SUV goes straight down the street.
Red SUV keeps straight then switches to right lane.
SUV turns right and cross another car.
A red sedan is crossing straight at the intersection.
A gray sedan turns left on the intersection and continues to move on the right lane of the road.
A dark gray sedan is followed by another vehicle.
A small silver coupe drives straight behind a dark van.
A silver wagon turns left out of a parking lot.
A black suv is stopped at an intersection for a little bit.
A maroon car keeps straight down a curvy road.
A gray SUV runs down the street followed by another black SUV.
A black SUV going straight down the street with cars parking on the side.
It is a silver SUV driving alone on a 2 lane road.
Dark blue sedan stopped and then keep straight.
A white car go to the straight.
A blue car pauses at a stoplight before turning left.
A large maroon car is driving through the intersection.
Silver sedan drives forward.
Red SUV going straight in the right lane.
A large whit SUV turns left.
A yellow coupe keeps straight before a diverging road.
A red sedan follows a dark vehicle straight down the road.
A very large pick up truck turns left onto the street.
A gray Sedan going straight .
A black sedan turns left onto the street before continuing straight.
A black SUV is driving straight.
A black jeep turns right while other vehicles continue to move straight.
A black wagon going straight down the street with its right signal on.
A blue van runs on the street .
A green bus going down a curvy road.
A black SUV goes down a hill following multiple cars.
A red car is going straight.
A maroon sedan drives past some parked cars.
A blue SUV drives through an intersection.
A white suv stops at the intersection.
A large white SUV keeping straight on the street.
A gray Sedan runs down the street following another gray car.
A red van goes straight the road and passes a white parked SUV.
A maroon sedan runs down the street behind an SUV.
A blue pick up truck running down straight on a freeway.
A dark colored sedan turns left.
A red pickup turns right at an intersection.
A silver hatchback turns right onto the road.
A red sedan turns left at an intersection.
A grey sedan switches to the right lane in front of a bus before turning right.
A silver sedan keeps straight and stops behind traffic.
A mid-sized dark gray van turns right after stopping at a stop sign.
A white suv keep straight.
A silver truck drives down the road.
A white pickup truck turns right and keeps straight afterward.
A gray SUV stopped at the intersection.
A white car turns then drives straight.
A black suv turns left.
A large black car turns right.
White sedan keeps straight behind a white SUV.
A black pickup turns right on a busy road.
A purple crossover drives forward through an intersection with a black sedan behind it.
A white sedan runs down the road behind another black vehicle.
A white pickup truck keeping straight on the street followed by another white vehicle.
A silver sedan drives up to an intersection.
A red pickup truck is going straight along the street.
A black sedan keeps straight down the road.
White sedan keeping straight on a low traffic street.
A silver SUV goes straight following another vehicle.
A silver SUV is driving straight.
A black Sedan runs down the street followed by another black vehicle.
Red pickup truck turns right following traffic.
A midsize Silver Chevy sedan goes straight.
A black sedan runs down the street and slightly turns right along the street.
Silver sedan keeps straight followed by a red SUV.
A maroon suv approaches a stop sign.
Blue SUV stopped at the light and turning.
Small sedan followed by white car stops slowly at the intersection.
It a black suv going left.
Grey sedan makes a left turn onto the street and keeps straight.
A red sedan turns left.
A black SUV first goes straight and makes a left turn at intersection.
A green van going straight.
The black Cross Over turns left.
A red sedan making a left turn.
A white SUV makes a right turn at intersection.
A silver wagon turns left at an intersection.
A blue car turns left across the road.
Black SUV keeping straight in high velocity.
A gray pickup truck crosses the intersection followed by another car.
A red minivan is being followed by a silver vehicle.
A white SUV turns right at the intersection.
A white pick up truck moving straight.
A blue sedan going straight down the street.
A white pickup truck turns left on the intersection.
A large van drives down the street passing a parking lot.
A blue SUV runs down the highway.
Black SUV stops at the intersection.
A black SUV briefly turns left.
A black minivan slows down at an intersection.
A sedan goes straight on the road.
A silver suv is stopped at a parking lot exit.
Green bus stops at intersection then makes a right.
A silver sedan drives between a white SUV and a red van.
A black SUV runs down the street followed by a white wagon.
A green SUV turns left.
A gray vehicle runs down the street switching lane to right.
There was a black car in front of you that went straight down the track.
A white SUV stops at the stop sign before it moves forward down the street.
A black suv goes straight.
A dark sedan turns left from the turning lane.
A silver wagon runs down the street.
A gray minivan takes a right at a busy intersection.
Black jeep turns right onto main road and joins line of traffic.
A gray SUV goes straight followed by a white car.
Midsize Black SUV turns left then continues straight down the street.
A red van drives down a residential street passing parked cars.
Grey sedan going straight.
A black pickup is stopped at an intersection.
A white SUV keeps straight on the road.
A black van turn right in a crossroad.
A red SUV stops at the intersection for a while and turns left afterwards.
A black SUV makes a right turn and then continues to go straight.
A white sedan follows a line of cars and then turns right.
A gray SUV runs down the street and turns slightly right along the street.
A black sedan runs down the street followed by a blue vehicle.
A red Jeep runs down the street crossing an intersection.
A white Subaru turns right.
A white sedan runs down the street passing parked cars.
A black Pick up moving down the road. Two cameras show the truck moving. 1 shows the truck stopping at intersection.
Honda fit hatchback goes straight.
A red sedan making a left turn at intersection.
A silver sedan stopped at the intersection.
A big black pickup truck runs down the street and turns slightly right and left along the street.
A blue sedan makes a right turn.
A black car is going straight slowly.
A red SUV continues driving straight.
A black Pick up truck is reaching a stop sign.
Van stopped at the intersection.
A blue SUV runs down the street followed by a pickup truck.
A silver sedan drives down the street.
A black sedan drives down the street followed by a black Jeep.
Small SUV going straight down the road around  a curve.
A green bus turns left at the intersection.
A white sedan waits to turn right.
A gray SUV making a left turn.
A blue sedan waits at the intersection and turns right.
A black SUV following another blue vehicle and turning left.
A black SUV is about to turns right.
A white pickup turns left at a three-way intersection.
A blue car is going along the S shape street.
A white Ford Mustang continues straight.
A red wagon turns right on the intersection.
A black Pickup turns right then turns left and keeps on straight.
A white wagon stops at the intersection.
A white van turns left onto the road.
A white SUV stops at an intersection and then proceeds straight.
A black sedan goes straight down the road.
Truck turns onto road and keeps straight with right signal light on.
A dark sedan drives straight through the intersection.
A gray SUV runs down the street with vehicles parking aside.
4 door sedan coming to a stop at the intersection.
A gold van runs down the street.
A gray pickup truck going straight down the street with cars parking on the side.
A gray SUV stops at the intersection and then goes straight.
A red sedan stops and then turns left on the road.
Small sedan goes straight down the road on left lane.
A gray sedan follows a two-lane road around a curve.
A gray sedan is crossing an intersection followed by another gray van.
A red van going straight down the street.
A White Pick Up truck takes a right turn.
A black car drives straight down the road.
A white pick up truck goes straight through the intersection.
Large white pick up truck going straight.
A blue sedan drives across an intersection.
A gray wagon turns right on the intersection.
A gray sedan runs down the street followed by another white MPV.
A maroon SUV runs down the road behind another vehicle.
A blue sedan going straight down the street with cars parking on the side.
Silver SUV drives straight.
A silver car is driving towards the intersection.
A blue SUV runs down the street followed by a white truck.
A black SUV keeps straight slowly following a white vehicle.
A gray wagon turns right at the intersection and runs down the road.
A black wagon turns right after stopping.
A black SUV stops at an intersection then turns left.
A silver sedan drives straight down the road and passes a silver van.
Pickup truck keeps straight behind red vehicle.
A maroon coupe stopping at an intersection.
A white sedan runs down the street keeping straight.
A white sedan drives down the road followed by a black vehicle.
A blue Jeep goes straight down a winding road behind a red truck and ahead of a black station wagon and black SUV.
A white pickup truk is going straight slowly.
A white pickup truck stops at an intersection and speeds up afterward.
Gray sedan hesitates then turn left.
Black sedan goes at a fast speed down a road.
A white SUV moves straight and followed by Jeep.
Large black SUV turns right at the intersection.
A gray sedan keeping straight through an intersection.
Dark blue suv stopping.
A gray SUV runs down the street and switches lane to right.
A silver van turns right at the intersection.
A black pickup truck stops at the intersection for a while and keeps straight afterward.
A white SUV is moving straight.
A white van drives straight through an intersection.
Black van takes a right bend.
A black van runs down the street followed by another white vehicle.
A large red SUV turns left at an intersection.
A grey  sedan car runs down straight on road.
White van traveling down the street.
A white van turns right at an intersection.
A small coupe changing lanes.
A gray van drives straight through the intersection.
Gray Pickup Truck turning right.
A silver suv stops.
A silver crossover goes straight down the street.
A silver van is crossing an intersection.
A black sedan keeps straight followed by another vehicle.
A gray SUV runs down the street with another white car parked on the other side.
A black jeep passes some turning cars.
A white sedan going straight down the street following another black car.
Silver suv go straight.
A white SUV drives past a parking lot.
A red sedan moves straight across the street with parked cars.
A gray suv is followed by a black jeep.
A black suv is turning left.
A white vehicle is stopped at the intersection between an SUV and a sedan.
A gray sedan runs on the street followed by another red vehicle.
A black SUV slowing down and keeping straight behind another black SUV.
A white SUV runs down the street with all other cars parked.
A black sedan going straight down the street with cars parking on the side.
Black SUV follows behind a line of cars.
A white SUV stops at an intersection before continuing straight.
A gray silver SUV following a white vehicles runs down a street that tilts to the right.
A red sedan going straight down the street.
A red SUV turns right and merges left.
Maroon car keeps straight.
A gray 4 Door sedan is driving straight in the right of two lanes.
A large burgundy sedan drives straight down a road with a white car following behind.
A blue pickup truck drives down the street and passes three other vehicles.
A black SUV turns right at an intersection.
A gray suv running down the street following another white car.
A white hatchback going down a curvy road.
A red SUV driving by a brick house heading straight.
A white sedan turns right at an intersection and then switches lane to the right.
A black SUV is moving ahead of an intersection.
A red SUV runs down the street passing parking lot on the right side.
A black SUV runs down the street and crosses a small intersection.
A gray SUV going straight down the street passing an intersection.
A small gray sedan turns left followed by another white vehicle.
A red car keeps straight.
A black MPV turns right behind a red vehicle.
A silver sedan driving down the road.
A red sedan keep straight on the road.
A black sedan turns right followed by jeep.
S red SUV going down the street.
A white van stops at an intersection.
A red Sedan goes down the street.
A red sedan runs down the street with multiple vehicles parking on the right side.
A red pickup truck runs down the street with some other cars parked.
A black four doors sedan it is keeping straight in front of an intersection point.
A white sedan runs down the road with all cars parked.
A silver car is driving in the right lane around a curve.
A black pickup runs down the street followed another black vehicle.
Silver/beige sedan takes a left turn.
A gray van goes across a wide intersection.
A white pick up truck is driving through a stop sign and across an intersection.
A red sedan makes a left turn.
A blue large SUV turns right at the end of the street.
Black sedan runs down the street amidst other vehicles.
A gray sedan stops on the intersection and turns left.
A white van stops then turn right onto right lane.
A small black coupe races past an intersection.
A white SUV/Crossover approaches a stop sign and is second in line behind a gray van.
A tan sedan is driving straight on a residential street.
A grey Sedan stops at the intersection.
A gold sedan runs on the street.
A red van drives down the street.
A black sedan drives through an intersection.
Silver pickup truck turns right.
A red hatchback going straight down the street followed by a gray car.
A white SUV keeps forward on a street.
Yellow taxi van going straight.
White van keeps straight followed by a car.
A white van runs on the street.
A white sedan waits at an intersection to turn left.
A white sedan runs down the street with a silver vehicle passing by on the opposite direction.
A light blue honda proceeds around a corner.
Gray suv stopping right behind the red suv.
A white sedan stopping at a stop sign.
A black SUV turns left into the left lane and continues straight.
A gray suv car turns right and goes straight on the road.
A silver sedan runs down the road followed by another vehicle.
A gray sedan turns right onto a street and passes three other vehicles.
A blue pickup continues forward.
A dark red van stops at the intersection and keeps straight across a crossroad.
Black sedan keeping straight with vehicles in front of him and behind him.
A black pickup is driving forward.
A black SUV stops at the intersection with a white sedan to the left of it.
A white pickup truck waits for the light and then passes the intersection.
A silver hatchback continues straight through an intersection.
A taupe sedan drives straight followed by a red vehicle.
A white SUV is driving down a relatively busy road.
A black sedan drives straight down a road.
A red wagon runs down the street following gray SUV.
Minivan driving down the street.
A red car turns left at the intersection.
A black SUV drives down the road while followed by another dark-colored car and passing a gold sedan.
There's a black sedan in the front lane.
A blue sedan speeding without stopping at the junction.
A white van slowly turning left in an intersection.
A silver MPV goes straight along its way.
Small SUV stops behind a car.
A black wagon turns right.
It goes straight.
A brown wagon keeps straight.
A black sedan turns left followed bu another white vehicle.
A white sedan goes straight.
A white sedan prepares to turn left.
A blue van going straight followed by a red sedan.
A red pickup truck drives straight preceded by a dark SUV and followed by white hatchback.
A white suv waits.
A red SUV turns right an the intersection.
A gray suv turns left.
A gray sedan keeps straight down the road next to another green vehicle.
A gray wagon turns left.
A silver SUV drives down the street passing parked cars.
Stoping in a intersection.
A large black vehicle drives in the right lane before turning on its right turn signal.
A grey sedan stops briefly at an intersection before going straight through the intersection.
A silver SUV continues straight.
Blue jeep keeps straight behind a red pickup truck.
A dark red sedan turns right.
A silver car drives next to a bus.
A red wagon runs down the street.
A red pickup might be turning left.
A car finishes a left turn.
A black wagon moves straight followed by pickup.
A pick up truck with a covered bed turns left.
A black sedan runs down the street and turns left afterwards.
A gray sedan stops on the street followed by another black vehicle.
A white minivan.
Jeeo suv driving straight.
A black SUV.
A white SUV turns right to the main street.
A white SUV turns left and runs down the street.
A white pick up truck following an SUV moving straight and then turning right.
Midsize sedan turns right at street corner.
A red sedan runs on the street.
A black SUV drives straight on the medium loaded street.
White SUV goes straight followed by a grey pickup truck.
A white small car going straight and taking the right curve.
A black sedan is turning right onto a bust street.
A white SUV runs down the street followed by another blue sedan.
A white suv turns right onto the road.
A black truck drives straight through a red light at an intersection.
A red sedan drives up to a stop sign before continuing straight in the left lane.
A black sedan keeps straight.
It stops at xroad.
A gray sedan stops on a busy street and takes a left on to a smaller street.
A white SUV runs up the street.
Red sedan turning left at intersection.
Gray SUV keeps straight down a winding road followed by two other vehicles.
A black SUV passes the intersection.
Red van goes straight through the intersection.
A large vehicle drives towards an intersection.
A gray wagon continues down the road with other cars nearby.
A black 4-door sedan goes straight down a street.
A dark gray SUV tailgates a red SUV down the street.
A gray SUV turns left.
Silver SUV makes a right turn.
A black SUV stops at the intersection followed by two other cars.
A gray sedan goes down the street.
Tan pickup truck travels through the intersection.
A dark SUV go with the traffic flow and then turn right.
A black Sedan going down a curvy road.
Gray SUV followed by a black SUV turned right.
A dark SUV drives down the road followed by a dark sedan.
Dark Grey pickup truck turns right down the road.
A deep blue cross-over goes along the street to the right.
A police vehicle drives down the road.
A black SUV drives past a green bus through an intersection.
Blue jeep keeps straight behind a line of traffic.
A gray/blue sedan crosses an intersection.
A silver sedan turns right at an intersection and proceeds straight down the street.
A silver sedan runs down the street and slightly turns right along the street.
A grey coupe goes straight along the way.
A blue sedan runs down the street behind another vehicle.
A dark SUV drives down the road passing a parking lot.
A white SUV stops at an intersection.
A red Volkswagen bug drives down a city street.
A silver sedan keeps straight followed by a gray vehicle.
A purple pickup truck goes straight with a lot of vehicles around.
A silver SUV going straight down the street with cars parking on the side.
A small grey sedan stops at before the intersection and goes through the intersection when the light turns green.
A black sedan is stopped at an intersection.
Maroon SUV is stopped at an intersection in front of a black SUV.
A maroon pickup truck turns left at an intersection.
A white SUV turns right here.
A black SUV follows a white car.
A grey sedan drives straight past parked cars.
A white hatchback turns right at an intersection.
A black sedan runs down the street following a white sedan.
A black SUV runs down the street behind another silver SUV.
A black sedan turns to the left followed by another white vehicle.
A blu SUV keep  straight followed by another black car.
White pickup truck goes straight ahead at the junction.
A gray SUV goes straight through the stoplight.
Gray vehicle going straight down the road.
A red pickup runs down the street followed by another black vehicle.
White sedan midsize turns left at street corner.
A silver car approaches a stop sign.
Light grey midsize SUV keeps straight down the road.
A white sedan drives straight followed by another sedan.
A white sedan is making a left turn.
Gray pick up truck stops then turns right.
Silver SUV driving straight down a road.
A blue SUV keeps straight following a black pickup truck.
A white SUV approaches a stop sign.
A green pickup truck is going straight after turning left.
A white sedan drives down the road passing parked cars.
A big SUV goes along the street.
A silver SUV is stopping at the intersection.
A medium gray vehicle moving on behind another car.
A somewhat old grey mid-size sedan is driving straight on a two-lane.
A blue wagon going straight down the street passing an intersection.
A gray sedan waits in line to pass the intersection.
A red sedan runs down the street followed by another SUV.
Van white going straight.
A black 2 door coupe makes a right turn at a stop sign.
A gray SUV runs down the street following pickup truck.
A blue pickup truck with a bed cover takes a slight right turn.
Silver sedan traveling down the right side of the street.
A black sedan goes straight at an intersection.
A black sedan turns right at an intersection.
A red sedan runs down the street next to parked cars.
A white sedan keeps straight.
A blue SUV is keeping straight.
A gray SUV stopped at a intersection.
A red sedan is driving forward.
A blue sedan goes straight down the street.
Large hatchback keep straight on the middle of the road.
A red SUV passes parked cars in front of another dark SUV.
A black Hatchback takes a left at the intersection followed by a red sedan.
A gray coupe slows down on the straight and stops behind a black SUV.
Red SUV going straight.
A sedan car going to straight at the road look like little speed.
A grey sedan drives straight down the street.
A black SUV keeping straight on the same street.
A white SUV stops because of the congestion of cars in front of it.
Cross to the left something quick.
A gray MPV turns left at the intersection.
It is a maroon car that makes a stop before it turns right and drives in the right lane behind other cars.
A black sedan advances up a street.
The burgundy sedan is driving down the street with other cars behind in traffic.
Purple Coupe turning left.
A black SUV drives straight down a busy street.
A white Sedan going straight down the street passing an intersection.
A small red coupe turns left at a three-way intersection.
A gray sedan turning right.
A gray minivan turns left onto a street and then keeps straight.
A silver sedan runs down the street followed distantly by another vehicle.
A white-green bus stopped at the intersection with other cars.
Large Sedan turning left then straight.
A black SUV slowly keeps straight following a traffic.
A gray SUV crosses straight through an intersection.
A silver sedan runs down the street followed by a white SUV.
Blue Sedan going straight.
A black SUV runs down the street followed by another red vehicle.
A white sedan runs on the street.
A large white cargo van goes straight along a two-lane road.
Large Gray vehicle carries on straight on the road.
Large sedan keeps straight on the road.
A black sedan goes straight down the street.
A grey truck turns left across traffic to pull into a parking lot.
A gray sedan runs down the street with parked cars.
A white 4 door sedan prepares to and then makes a left turn through an intersection.
A pickup turns left.
A black SUV runs down the street behind another white SUV.
A white sedan keeps straight followed by a white pickup truck.
A blue sedan runs down the street with vehicles parking vertically on the right side.
A yellow car drives straight.
A white Chevrolet slowly runs down the street following a small gray sedan.
A black sedan is keeping straight.
Gray sedan keep straight follow the lane next to the sidewalk.
A maroon pickup with a bed cover drives straight.
A blue SUV keeps straight followed by a black SUV on the left side.
Small blue sedan going straight down the road with small suv following behind.
A white SUV turns left after another white vehicle turns left.
A white pickup continues.
A gray SUV turns left followed by another black vehicle.
A gray Sedan going straight down the street.
A white sedan turning left on a three-way intersection.
A dark-red SUV is going straight along the street.
A white SUV drving on a busy street.
A brown sedan goes straight.
A white pickup truck runs down the street and passes parking.
A white pickup truck runs down the street followed by bicycle.
A gray SUV drives straight through a four-way intersection.
A white SUV stops at red light and then turns right.
A red SUV keeps straight down the road.
A white pickup truck runs down the street following a gray vehicle.
A black hatchback going down a curvy road.
A white pickup truck drives straight through an intersection.
A red SUV keeps straight.
Dark suv going straight.
Grey minivan in high speed keeping straight on a low traffic street.
A white pickup stops at the intersection.
A large pickup drives straight down a road.
A golden sedan keeps straight at the street.
A white SUV going straight down the street.
A white pickup drives down a road.
A black SUV makes a left turn. It runs down the street followed by another white vehicle.
A small white suv turns right.
White sedan heading straight towards the intersection.
A black coupe switches lanes at an intersection.
A white sedan turns right and switches lane to.
A white can runs down the street.
A black suv is crossing straight through an intersection.
Red sedan makes a left turn at intersection.
A gray coupe goes straight down the street alone.
A red sedan turns left with a black SUV followed.
A blue SUV runs down the street followed by a grey Sedan.
A white van going straight down the street with cars parking on the side.
Grey sedan going straight at the intersection on the green light.
A blue sedan crosses a large intersection.
A red car drives straight.
Red jeep going straight and then turning right on road.
A black SUV continues forwards.
A black SUV drives straight passing parked cars.
A gray SUV going straight.
A silver SUV stops at intersection before turning left.
White pick up truck follow the car and stops at the intersection before proceeding.
Red and white pick up truck turn right at the intersection.
Maroon SUV turns left then keeps straight down street.
A white truck is driving straight down the road.
A silver SUV drives behind a truck.
A white sedan is behind a pickup truck.
A silver sedan goes forwards.
A white van runs down the street and follows two other cars.
A white cargo van turns right at the entrance of the main road after stopping to wait for incoming cars.
A grey SUV stopping at the intersection before taking a right turn.
A red pickup truck turns slightly left along the street.
A black Sedan going straight down the street followed by another red car.
The large green flatbed 18 wheeler is going straight.
A silver SUV keep straight.
A blue Sedan stops at an intersection.
A white SUV drives down the road.
A gray sedan drives straight through the intersection.
A silver pickup truck turns left at an intersection and then keeps straight.
A black pickup truck keeps straight and pauses at an intersection.
A black sedan going down a curvy street.
A silver pickup is driving forwards on the road.
A gray sedan runs down the street behind a red car.
A gray sedan.
A big black pickup turning to the right of the street.
A red hatchback making a left turn.
A white police SUV turns left on the intersection.
A whit coupe approaching intersection.
A purple SUV slows down before the intersection.
Small couple slows down to stop at the intersection.
A white SUV runs down the street behind another sedan.
A midsize red pickup truck stops at an intersection briefly before turning right and keeping straight on a street.
A white wagon keeps straight.
A tan SUV is driving straight down the road being tailgated by a white sedan.
A blue jeep drives down a curvy road.
A white sedan closely follows another vehicle.
A light pick up truck drives down the road passing a parked truck.
A red sedan runs down the street following pickup.
Silver suv goes forward.
A gray SUV runs down the street passing parking lot on the right.
Gray SUV turning right onto the road.
A Black color car going in the road.
A blue wagon turns left on the intersection.
A green bus turns slightly right at an intersection.
A white SUV takes a U-turn.
A black SUV keeps straight following a white SUV on a curve.
A black SUV turns left.
A gray sedan slowing down and keeping straight.
A black van turns left.
A white SUV turning right.
A red sedan crosses the intersection keeping straight.
A blue SUV drives down the road with other vehicles.
A midsize white sedan switches lane to the left.
A black sedan making a left turn at intersection.
A small blue coup runs down the street.
A silver sedan drives down a street.
A white truck goes straight.
A white van drives straight.
A grey hatchback is turning left at a bend.
A dark red sedan drives straight down the road and abruptly turns right at the next side street.
A gray SUV continues straight.
A light grey Pickup briefly stops at a crosswalk before continuing.
A vehicle drives behind another vehicle.
A silver Sedan going straight down the street following another white car.
White sedan keeps straight then applies breaks.
A black coupe stops at the intersection for a while and turns right right after.
A black sedan runs down the street followed by another vehicle.
A white van drives through an intersection in the right lane.
A gray sedan merged to the right line.
Aa gray suv runs down the street followed by another vechicle.
Red suv go straight in the road.
A silver van keeps straight passing a store.
A white truck runs down the street and goes to a stop behind a red sedan.
A gray SUV downs in the street.
A small red hatchback turns right and drives straight ahead.
A gray sedan runs down the street followed by another white vehicle.
A white pickup runs down the street passing parking lot on the right.
A gray SUV turns right at an intersection.
A van drives ahead slowly and turns left.
A gray pickup runs down the street with a medium load traffic.
A large white van turns left at the intersection.
A silver SUV continues to go straigt.
A gray sedan runs down the street keeping straight.
A silver sedan is stopped at a stop sign.
A silver sedan turns left and then goes straight.
A white SUV turns right followed by black SUV.
Gray sedan takes slight right.
A red sedan going straight down the street with cars parking on the side.
A dark vehicle drives up to an intersection.
A white truck continues down the street followed by a black truck.
A light yellow sedan going straight down the street with cars parking on the side.
A large city bus drives down the street followed by a white vehicle.
A white SUV turns left at an intersection before driving straight in the right lane.
A red SUV runs down the street followed by white SUV.
A black SUV runs down the street followed by a white sedan.
A gray sedan crosses a traffic signal.
Gray Sedan runs down the street.
A black wagon drives straight for a bit.
A gray sedan going straight down the street followed by a row of cars.
A light SUV drives straight past parked cars.
A white SUV turns left and continues to move straight on the right lane of the road.
A gray hatchback going down a curvy road.
A green bus going straight down the street followed by a white car.
Black SUV goes straight.
A blue sedan keeps runs down the street and turns left.
A metallic color sedan stops at intersection and turns right.
A gray pickup turning left on the intersection.
A gray pick up switching lanes.
Midsize and dark grey SUV makes a slight right and continues straight down the road.
A silver sedan turns right from the main street.
Large black wagon runs down the street.
A gray sedan keeps straight passing a store.
A white sedan turns right at an intersection before switching to the left lane behind a dark vehicle.
A black SUV first stops at the intersection.
A gray SUV moves straight and follows another SUV.
Gray SUV turning left.
A black pickup turns left after stopping at intersection.
A silver sedan runs down the street followed by another white SUV.
A gray sedan stops at the intersection and than turns left.
Suv bul car followed red sedan car.
A white pickup continues down the road.
Silver sedan travels straight down the street followed by other vehicles.
A blue car drives forward.
A blue SUV keeping straight.
Black sedan keeps straight followed by a black pickup truck.
A white SUV keeps straight.
A small white SUV drives the road followed by a black truck. Pass white sedan at the intersection.
A red hatchback drives across an intersection.
Gray SUV keeps straight behind a line of traffic.
A dark gray sedan drives down a busy road following a silver sedan.
A red sedan goes down the street.
A dark SUV stops at a busy intersection.
He is challenging on his way very well.
A blue SUV going straight at the intersection.
A black SUV runs down the street followed by another black vehicle.
A black pickup truck runs down the street and then turns right.
A large white pickup truck keeps straight and turns left.
A white car is stopped behind a truck.
A midsize SUV runs down the street.
A dirty red truck runs down the street followed by another white vehicle.
A gray van making a left turn at intersection.
A blue SUV making a right turn followed by a white car.
A gray SUV runs down the street followed by another black vehicle.
A gray car is driving.
A white van runs down the street alongside many other parked vehicles.
A gray sedan runs down the street followed another red vehicle.
A silver pickup truck runs down the street with a pedestrian pass by.
A red sedan runs down the street followed by another red vehicle.
A silver suv veers right.
White muscle car turns right.
A gray van keeps straight and turns right afterwards.
A black pickup.
A white sedan turns right onto the street into the left lane.
A white wagon takes a U-turn.
A black pickup drives straight behind a car.
A wine SUV stopped at the intersection.
Red ford focus goes straight.
Red sedan going straight.
A white sedan runs straight down the street.
A gray sedan runs down the street across a parking lot.
A gray sedan turns left on the intersection.
A white sedan runs down the street.
Gray sedan stops and then makes a left turn.
A white SUV runs down the street followed by another black vehicle.
White van has signal light turned on and makes a right.
A silver wagon turns right as another vehicle passes on the other side of the road.
A dark silver pick up truck turns right to follow a turn.
A silver vehicle switches to the right lane next to a large truck.
A black SUV  goes straight followed by a black car.
A black Mercedes runs down the street.
A white pickup truck runs down the street and turns left.
Silver SUV with pickup truck ahead and another vehicle behind it.
A white pickup truck goes straight down the street.
A gray pickup truck turns left at an intersection.
A red sedan switches lane to left and follows a white SUV.
A black van keeps straight on the street.
A silver midsize sedan slows down at an intersection.
A blue sedan follows another white car.
White sedan midsize stops at street intersection than keeps straight.
A large black car turns left.
A grey cross over running down the street on a straight lane.
A white SUV moving on the leftmost lane.
A silver wagon turns right.
A black Jeep stops at the intersection a while and turns right.
A black SUV following a grey SUV.
A gray SUV is crossing an intersection.
A gray wagon goes straight on the street.
Gray sedan runs down the street amidst several other vehicles.
A black SUV runs across the street.
A silver sedan turns left at an intersection and then keeps straight.
A brown sedan runs down the street followed by another vehicle.
A Black Sedan runs down the street followed by another gray vehicle.
A vehicle is keeping straight.
A gray SUV runs down the street followed by another white vehicle.
A silver car stops.
A gray coupe stops at an intersection then proceeds to a gas station.
A dark gray SUV drives down the road behind a black sedan.
A blue suv turns right.
White pickup truck.
A white SUV moving straight.
A white pickup truck makes a left turn.
A white van drives up to an intersection behind another white vehicle.
A white MPV goes straight the road with no cars parked.
A silver car is driving straight.
A white pickup track stopped on intersection.
Red SUV comes to a stop at an intersection.
A black SUB turns right and continue straight movement after a line of other vehicles.
A silver fan follows a silver SUV down a busy street and is followed by a red vehicle.
A black hatchback continues straight down a road.
A black SUV stopped at the intersection.
A gray minivan made a right turn at an intersection.
A gray pickup truck turns right at the intersection.
A maroon SUV turns left at an intersection.
Silver sedan goes straight.
A gray Sedan running straight.
A red hatchback going straight down the street followed by another red car.
A black truck turning left.
A white pickup truck keeps straight following another white vehicle.
A white SUV keeps straight behind a black vehicle.
A white car goes straight pass through the junction.
A white Sedan going straight down the street.
A mid-size black SUV following a larger white SUV on a straight two lane road.
A red SUV turns left into a Hardee's.
White sedan driving down shoulder around traffic.
A black SUV stopped on the intersection.
A gray sedan drives down the street followed by a red SUV.
The vehicle is moving fast and it keeps moving on straight.
A white SUV slowly follows traffic and turns right.
A black Ford Pickup goes down the road behind a Dodge Minivan.
A white van runs down the street.
A blue Coupe runs down the street very fast.
A black SUV running down the street behind three other cars.
A gray SUV moves straight on the street with heavy traffic.
A gray wagon keeps straight.
A gray sedan goes down straight behind a light gray vehicle.
A gray SUV turns right.
A gray SUV runs down the street behind a black vehicle.
A large truck turns left at an intersection.
A gray 4-door sedan drives followed by another turn-left MPV.
A red sedan keeps straight on the lane.
A gray sedan passes by a parking lot.
Sedan turns left at intersection.
Red van going straight on road.
A gray SUV drives down the street followed by a dark truck.
A dark gray hatchback accelerating straight on a two-way suburban road.
A white VAN runs down the street and keep straight.
A silver car waits at the intersection.
A blue SUV taking right and going straight.
An orange car goes straight.
Dark blue suv keep straight.
A maroon van turns left at an intersection.
A red jeep is moving straight down the street.
White sedan follows a green bus straight down the road.
Purple hatchback going straight in the left lane.
White mini stops at the intersection after a vehicle in front of it leaves.
A silver wagon is driving straight.
A black jeep stops.
Red sedan runs down the street followed by another vechicle.
An SUV goes straight on the road.
A blue SUV runs down the street on a busy road followed by another car.
A gray sedan stops.
A black pickup truck making a left turn at the intersection.
A small white SUV is waiting in a line of cars waiting to turn right.
A white pickup truck keeps straight down a curvy road.
A white pickup truck going down a curvy road.
A black sedan turns right and drives down a four lane road.
A blue Sedan first wait at the intersection.
A white SUV awaits its turn to the right at an intersection.
A black wagon stops at an intersection.
A blue pickup truck runs down the street.
A silver sedan keeps straight following a black Chevrolet.
A silver van turns left at the intersection.
Yellow coupe goes straight down a road.
A white sedan turns right at an intersection.
Black hatchback stopped on the traffic lights.
A red car heads straight behind a blue van.
A Dodge Minivan keeps straight on the road.
A black truck keeping straight on the road.
A gray sedan keeps straight behind a line of cars.
A dark green sedan slows down and turns left.
A gray Sedan going straight down the street with cars close in the front and behind.
A grey sedan goes slowly on the street following a large coach.
White SUV turning left and going straight on road.
A red SUV runs down the street and slowing down behind a black Pickup Truck.
A white pickup truck stopped at the intersection.
A wagon stops at the traffic light and then goes across the intersection.
A grey car turn left and crosses a double yellow line.
A red coupe runs down the street following white Jeep.
A blue SUV turns right.
A dark sedan drives down the road passing a parking lot.
A silver small keeps straight.
A gray sedan keeps straight followed by a white van turning left.
A white SUV stops at the intersection.
A white pickup truck goes down the street.
Black sedan keeps straight down the street.
A reddish 4-door car drives through an intersection.
A white van passes parked cars followed by a silver sedan.
A black SUV keeps straight and passes through a traffic on the right side.
A black pickup truck going down a curvy road.
A blue 4-door sedan makes a wide left turn.
A silver van runs across an intersection behind a gray vehicle.
A gray sedan get closer to another car and about to turn right.
Large white minivan turns right at intersection.
A white sedan runs up the road.
A black sedan turns right and then kps straight.
A midsize white pickup truck goes straight (slight left).
A gray SUV runs down the street followed by a red sedan.
A white Jeep cruises down straight down the street.
A black pickup truck slows down at the intersection and keeps straight afterward.
A dark blue pickup drives through an intersection.
A gold sedan keeps straight with 2 vehicles stopping at the intersection.
A gray sedan drives straight in the right lane.
Sedan type car keep straight.
A large gray pickup truck goes straight on the street.
Small gray coup goes straight with traffic.
A black sedan drives straight at a three-way intersection.
A small maroon sedan takes a right at an intersection after a maroon suv turns right.
It a gray hatchback going straight.
A white van drives down the road.
Large white van makes right at intersection.
First the car turn right and keep straight in the middle of the road.
A black suv drives down a curvy road.
A white hatchback drives straight.
A black SUV runs down the street following another smaller black SUV.
A white FedEx van drives straight.
A white large SUV keeping straight at the intersection.
A silver sedan runs the road to straight.
A white SUV goes down the road behind a silver sedan.
A black SUV goes straight behind a car.
A black pickup truck with ceiling runs down the street.
Black sedan going straight.
A black van crosses an intersection and keeps straight alongside other vehicles.
A white van turning right.
A black sedan runs on the street with several other cars driving nearby in both directions.
A gray wagon turns left on the street with some parked cars on the sides.
A gray sedan runs down the street followed by another red vehicle.
A  black wagon going straight down the street with cars parking on the side.
A brown SUV runs down the street.
A sliver sedan driving down a two lane road in high traffic.
A white suv is waiting to turn left.
A silver Sedan going straight down the street passing an intersection.
A white SUV stops and then turns right at an intersection.
It is a bright blue SUV that makes  a turn unto a curvy road.
A gray sedan keeping straight.
An off-white sedan turns right at an intersection.
A silver SUV follows a blue pickup truck straight.
A silver van runs down the street and turns left and right along the street.
A red SUV turns left after red sedan passed.
A white wagon making a right turn.
A black suv drives forward.
A silver SUV follows a pickup truck.
A red car continues forward.
A black SUV runs down the street followed by another white vehicle.
A black SUV crossing straight on the intersection.
A white SUV moves straight on the empty street.
A black SUV right turns left at the intersection behind another black vehicle.
A silver sedan drives straight down a road.
Black pickup truck keeps straight down the street past a line of parked cars.
A dark-red SUV is going straight.
A silver cross over that turns left past a grey van.
A black sedan runs down the street.
A dark pick up truck drives down the street before switching to the right lane.
A white pick up truck makes a right turn.
Small sedan goes straight behind gray minivan.
A gray truck drives straight down the street.
A silver sedan keeps straight on its lane.
A brown sedan runs down the street.
A gray SUV stops at the intersection in busy traffic.
A red sedan runs across the intersection.
A black SUV is going straight along the street.
A gray SUV turns right with a few other cars at the intersection.
A small coupe runs down the street crossing an intersection.
A white pickup goes straight behind a black vehicle.
Black suv makes a stop at stop sign and turns right.
A red vehicle drives up to an intersection next to white vehicles.
A dark blue SUV turns left at the intersection.
A black sedan turns lest and then turns right.
A gray sedan turns right a little.
A white pick up turning right.
A white pickup truck going straight down the street passing an intersection.
A blue SUV going straight down the street passing an intersection.
A red pickup truck goes straight down the street.
A silver SUV with stickers on its back windshield approaches an intersection.
A red hatchback turns left at an intersection.
A silver SUV rides down the street without stopping.
A black car following straight.
A gray wagon running straight the street.
A white sedan runs down the street followed by a black SUV.
A white small SUV keeps straight behind a red car.
A white pickup truck tuns left at the turn signal.
A black BMW coupe runs down the street.
A black pickup stops at the intersection and than keeps straight.
A black SUV turns left at the intersection with all other cars parked.
White sedan with no car following.
A gray sedan drives down the street and is followed by a gray crossover.
Area wagon turns right followed by 2 cars.
A white coupe keeps straight.
A blue SUV runs down the street with some parked cars on the sides.
A white van stops at a stop sign and then proceeds forward.
A midsize navy blue SUV turns left at an intersection.
A white pickup truck turns right at an intersection and proceeds straight.
A dark pickup truck drives down the street.
A green SUV is going straight.
A black sedan drives alongside another black vehicle.
A red van runs down the street followed by another white vehicle.
A gray sedan driving straight down the road.
A white SUV runs down the street behind a black car.
A van is crossing a white dashed line. It is turning right.
A blue sedan is driving forward.
A white hatchback takes a right at an intersection after a maroon sedan passes in front.
A red pickup drives.
A black wagon turning left.
A Black Pickup Truck Turned Right.
A red sedan drives straight past parked cars.
A blue pickup keeping straight following a coupe.
A silver car turns left.
A white sedan moving in moderate traffic.
A white SUV turns right following a pickup truck.
A large black pickup truck makes a right turn at an intersection.
A gray sedan runs down the street and turns right.
Red SUV runs down the street followed by other vehicles.
Green cargo truck going straight.
A big blue SUV moving on down the street and stopping behind a car.
A black SUV is crossing the intersection.
A black pickup truck is changing lanes once crossing an intersection.
A white pickup driving.
A gray van turns left.
A maroon SUV run down the street.
A black pickup truck runs down the street behind another cargo pickup truck.
Small gray sedan making a right turn.
A black SUV drives straight.
A black van runs down the street followed by another black vehicle.
A red suv turns right.
A grey 4 door midsized sedan that merges right through a yield sign onto another street.
A red midsize car drives down a road towards two other cars.
Keep straight. almost caught a pedestrian that was crossing the road.
A SUV turns left at the intersection.
A black wagon runs down the street.
A white car is stopped at a red light before finally turning left.
Red car go to the straight.
A white luxury car stopped at intersection followed by a bus.
A midsize sedan waiting to turn left and turning.
A black sedan turns left.
A large white SUV stops behind a traffic and turns right.
White sedan going straight at intersection.
Coupe Midsize gray changing lanes.
A blue hatchback moving straight.
A midsize grey Van runs down the street.
A silver van runs down the street followed by another red vehicle.
A red sedan continues straight.
A light grey vehicle that is turning right past a red car!.
A silver SUV rides down the street and turns left.
A purple pickup truck making a left turn at the intersection.
A gray sedan runs down the street and crosses an intersection straight.
A blue SUV turns left.
A black runs down the street after a red car.
Red Pickup Truck turning right.
A black mid-size pickup truck turns left at an intersection.
A red SUV runs down the street alongside parked cars.
A long red pickup turns right.
A silver sedan goes forward.
A black pickup truck keeps straight and get close to another black pickup truck.
A black pickup is behind another black pickup.
A dark pick up truck turns left off of the street.
A silver suv continues forwards.
Silver sedan drives straight.
A black sedan going straight down the street.
A white Jeep turns right on the intersection.
A silver sedan turns left at the intersection.
A blue car cross the intersection.
A jeep drives straight down the road.
A silver SUV is pictured stopped in the street.
A silver sedan is driving straight down a road followed by a white van.
White hatchback turning left and coming to stop behind black truck.
A small gray coupe navigating among other cars.
A white van stops at the intersection for a few seconds and turns right.
A gray SUV crossing an intersection with a white truck crossing it in the opposite direction.
A red pickup truck keep straight down the street followed by another blue vehicle.
Black SUV drives straight the road.
A tan metallic sedan drives straight.
A red SUV turns onto the street and keeps straight behind another black SUV.
A white SUV goes straight forward.
A black van drives straight with busy traffic.
A dark red sedan runs down the street with vehicles parking aside.
A burgundy sedan stops at an intersection with another white car next to it.
A white SUV drives slow through traffic.
A gray SUV runs down the street and passes parked cars.
A large black vehicle passes parked cars and is followed by a silver sedan.
A white sedan is turning left.
A red SUV does a left turn then runs down the street.
A blue SUV runs down the road behind a black SUV.
A red SUV turns right at the intersection and overtakes a black car.
A dark sedan drives straight in the right lane and passes a parking lot.
A dark gray sedan is driving straight.
A pick up ascending a small slope.
A silver SUV drives straight down a street.
A white SUV goes straight.
White minivan going straight at an intersection.
A red SUV goes down the street followed by a dark SUV.
A blue SUV runs down the street behind another red vehicle.
A black cross over keeping straight followed by another black vehichle.
A small white car changing lanes.
A small white SUV follows a two-lane road as it curves rightward.
A black SUV runs down the street following a white Chevrolet.
A black pickup turning right on the intersection.
A dark sedan stops at the intersection before turning left.
A gray SUV follows a black vehicle and keeps going straight.
A white wagon going straight down the street.
A white SUV keeps straight with some other SUVs nearby.
A blue coupe runs on the street.
A gray pickup truck turns left and stops before the stop sign.
Large gray wagon runs down the street.
A red sedan drives down the street behind a red truck.
A  brown sedan runs down the street.
A white sedan going straight and passing a parked SUV.
A white midsize sedan going straight.
A white sedan turns left onto a busy street behind a red vehicle.
A white SUV turns right.
A black sedan rolls up to a stop sign and pauses before turning right.
A red van runs down the street.
A gray SUV keeps straight on the same street through the curve.
Gray sedan goes straight across intersection.
A blue hatchback is driving down the street.
A Jeep moving straight along the street followed by another black SUV.
A white wagon turns right.
A blue SUV runs down the street.
Black jeep keeps straight behind a silver SUV.
A midsize black hatchback travels straight down the road tailing a police car.
A black sedan runs down the street with all other cars parked.
Silver sedan drives straight through the intersection.
A white pickup truck keeps straight and passes another stationary vehicle.
A small black sedan turns left.
A black SUV turns right then runs down the street.
A red sedan runs through intersection.
A silver sedan runs down the street and turns slightly right.
Convertible dark-colored car with a gray car behind it.
A maroon SUV makes a left turn.
Gray sedan runs straight down the street.
A white sedan is making a right turn at an intersection.
A wine-red SUV runs down the street not yielding to a pedestrian.
A red wagon goes straight.
A white pick up truck drives down the street and passes another truck.
Red chevy pick up truck with bay cover goes straight.
Black pickup truck.
Red sedan turns left.
Gray pick up truck going straight down the road behind a blue car.
There is a pickup just behind it.
A black sedan turns left at an intersection.
Red sedan approaches crosswalk as it passes parked cars.
A gray SUV keeping straight.
A white jeep stops at a stop sign and then turns right.
A white sedan making a left at an intersection.
A blue car is going straight after following the S shape street.
A gray sedan drives down street among many cars.
Grey sedan keeping straight on a low traffic street.
A black coupe turning right at an intersection.
A blue sedan drives straight down the street.
A black sedan is running straight on the road.
A silver SUV first stops then turns right at an intersection.
A black SUV is turning right at an intersection.
A white sedan goes down the street followed by SUV.
A black coupe turning left and than keeping straigh on the avenue.
A light-gray sedan stops at the intersection with another red car by the right of it.
A gray SUV drives across an intersection.
A black SUV runs down the street behind a red car.
Gray sedan keeping straight.
A black sedan runs down the street followes by a black SUV.
A black SUV going straight down the street passing an intersection.
Black SUV goes straight down the street behind another black SUV and pauses inline.
A white pickup truck runs down the street with some parked cars on the sides of the road.
A silver SUV drives down a left bending road.
A small car drives straight.
A red pickup goes straight at the intersection.
A hatchback stops to wait.
Hyundai suv turns left.
A purple car going on the left side on the road.
A silver sedan turns right at an intersection and proceeds straight down the road.
Red Suv going straight on road with silver sedan following.
A white cargo van is stopped at an intersection and then proceeds straight.
A gray sedan switches its lane to right.
A white SUV runs down the road next to another white vehicle.
A blue sedan stops at an intersection.
A dark gray SUV turns right at an intersection.
A white SUV goes straight down the street.
A red SUV head straight down the road.
A grey sedan goes straight.
A (purple?) sedan is closely following another light grey sedan.
A brown SUV goes straight followed by a pickup truck.
A silver van runs down the street.
A white pick up truck.
Black wagon followed by a gray SUV.
A silver wagon slowly turns right.
A white SUV keeps straight following a gray vehicle and turns left.
A white Ford keeps straight and passes a parking.
A white sedan turns right after another car.
A silver car turns right.
Black pickup truck makes a right turn.
A gray wagon goes down the street.
A blue mpv waiting to go right.
Maroon wagon keeps straight followed by two other vehicles.
A gray sedan runs down the street behind another maroon vehicle.
A white van turns right onto a street.
A large red pickup truck runs down the street followed by another red vehicle.
A gray SUV runs down the street with a lot of parked cars.
A black suv merges left.
A green semi-truck drives through an intersection.
A gray Audi turns left after a traffic.
A silver SUV stops at a stop sign.
A brown SUV runs down the street followed by another gray sedan.
A white SUV is driving slowly towards the stop sign at the intersection.
A silver coupe driving straight down the road.
A white car continues down the street.
A gray sedan crosses the intersection keeping straight.
A white SUV is driving slowly down a street with parked cars.
A purple SUV turns right at intersection.
A gray Pickup truck turns right at the intersection following another black vehicle.
A white sedan follows a groups of cars and moves slowly to turn left.
A big SUV stops at the intersection and turns left and keeps straight afterward.
Truck go the straight followed by another vehicle.
A dark truck drives down the street passing a parking lot.
A gray sedan turns right at an intersection and then switches to the left lane.
A black SUV drives straight down a right curving road.
A car making a slight right-facing.
Blue truck going straight following red car.
A blue vehicle drives straight past parked cars.
A pickup truck carrying a lot of stuff passes an intersection.
A red suv begins to merge left.
A red crossover SUV turns left and heads down the road.
A red Sedan turning left.
A purple jeep completes a left hand turn.
A black van turns left at an intersection and is behind a white vehicle.
A pickup truck turned right following a sedan.
A red wagon slows down on the intersection and turns right.
Black crossover stopped at the intersection.
A black crossover SUV drives down a residential street.
A gray SUV goes straight down a turning lane and makes a right at the intersection.
A white SUV drives straight down the street.
A blue pickup moves through the intersection.
A silver sedan closely follows another vehicle.
A white SUV crosses the intersection keeping straight.
A white sedan drives down the street.
Small truck turning right.
A gray Wagon/Hatchback runs down the street with all other cars parked.
A white midsize pickup truck goes straight on the street.
A large pickup keeps straight in front of another car.
A gray hatchback merged to the right line.
A gray sedan keeping straight followed by a blue sedan.
A black sedan runs down the street followed by a pickup truck.
A gray wagon keeps straight on the street.
A white hatckback turns left and enters a queue.
A silver sedan turns to the right at the intersection.
Black car following red car and stopped at last.
A large bus is stopped in traffic.
A black SUV goes straight.
A black SUV keeping straight on the curved street.
A small blue sedan runs down the street with all other cars parked.
A black SUV runs down the street with another white vehicle parks on the other side.
A silver SUV goes straight.
A black SUV goes straight on the street.
A maroon SUV runs down the street followed by a blue vehicle.
A gray sedan runs down the street and passed two parked cars.
A white sedan runs down the street next to another white vehicle.
White sport sedan keep straight and slow on the road behind a black car.
A brown MPV goes straight.
A gray Sedan going down a curvy road.
A gray hatchback runs down the street.
A red SUV keeps straight followed by a blue SUV.
A tan car turns left.
A white Cadillac turns left on a wide intersection.
A gray SUV in a queue moves slowly.
A dark SUV that is going straight the intersection followed by a large pickup truck.
A large hatchback drives down the street past parked cars followed by a red vehicle.
A black jeep running down the street followed by black hatchback.
The hatchback is going down the street and is being followed by a red sedan.
A gray wagon making a left turn at intersection.
A red SUV turns right on the intersection.
A car turns left.
A black sedan runs down the street and turns left.
A white SUV is stuck going slowly straight in traffic.
A white SUV runs on the street.
A blue truck runs down the street.
A bronze coupe travelling straight in right lane.
A blue pickup truck keeps straight through a crossroad.
Black car follows behind a black SUV.
A white van moves down the street with parked cars.
A white wagon goes left at the intersection.
A gray Sedan going straight down the street with cars parking on the side.
A light gray sedan keeps straight.
A big suv.
White SUV turns left onto street.
A white SUV drives straight ahead.
A pickup truck runs down the street followed by a sedan and a coupe.
A white followed pickup by the wagon turns right.
Toyota sienna van is merging into the street and staying on the right-hand side.
A grey pickup truck turns right.
A light blue vehicle drives down the street followed by a black vehicle.
A grey suv turns left onto a busy thoroughfare.
A red truck travels down the road going through a curve in the left lane.
White car going straight.
A gray sedan turns left and something on the plate drops.
A large hatchback drives down the street passing parked cars.
A gray hatchback keeping straight.
A white SUV keeping straight on the street.
A white pickup truck goes straight on its lane.
A white pick up moving down the straight before turning right.
A deep red pickup turns left at an intersection.
A gray sedan crosses the intersection with all other cars parked.
A white van runs across the street.
After turning left.
Blue sedan going straight through the intersection.
A gray hatchback turns right and runs down the street followed by other pickup truck.
A grey sedan driving down the street.
A white SUV with a sunroof stops at a stop sign then proceeds straight through the intersection when it is safe to do so.
A black sedan car is running straight and then swithches the lane towards the right.
A black sedan changes into right lane to make a left turn. Doesn't signal but makes change and completes left turn.
Gray sedan goes straight followed by a white vehicle.
Black pickup truck keeps straight and catches up with another black pickup truck.
A black SUV makes a right turn.
A small grey sedan is passing a black car on its right.
A brown sedan turns left.
Red pickup truck runs down the street.
A white sedan runs down the street followed by another vehicle.
A small red sedan goes straight.
A small gray SUV turns right.
A red SUV runs down the street followed by another black vehicle.
A dark blue/black minivan makes a right turn at a stop sign.
Silver sedan preparing to the bare left.
A mid-sized gray SUV drives down a two lane road and follows the road as it goes left.
A dark sedan turns left onto the street.
Muddy blue SUV keeps straight behind a red vehicle.
A gray Jeep turns right from the parking.
A white sedan drives straight down a road.
A gray minivan drives down the street.
A blue sedan drive straight down a road.
A red SUV is slowing down to allow the vehicle in front to make a right turn.
A gray suv turns right.
A white pickup turns left at an intersection.
A gray sedan goes down the street and passes a parking lot.
The grey car runs straight.
A red SUV runs down the road behind a blue vehicle.
A black cross over merges right.
A white large pickup truck runs down the street and is crossed by a red sedan and another vehicle.
A gray SUV runs down the street followed by a black vehicle.
A gray pickup truck runs straight through the intersection.
A white van making a left turn.
A red pickup truck runs down the street and follows another red pickup truck.
A blue vehicle.
A blue SUV goes down the street.
A white pickup runs down the street.
A black wagon goes straight on the right lane.
A gray SUV runs down the street followed by another white van.
A dark red sedan dribes and curves to the left.
A white cross-over turns right following another vehicle.
A black suv stop and turn left.
A gray sedan drives down a street with trees on it.
A black Sedan stopped at the intersection.
Go straight. No other cars next to it.
Gray SUV behind small car at intersection.
Blue SUV keeps straight.
A white SUV keeps straight behind another gray vehicle.
A big white van turns right.
A gray sedan runs with a break followed by another brown sedan.
A grey sedan merges into another road.
A white van makes a left turn at an intersection.
A red van runs on the street.
Dark gray pickup truck stopped at intersection.
A dark gray SUV runs straight down the street.
Van driving straight down a two-lane road.
A gray SUV is in the begins a left turn after a vehicle in the opposing lane passes.
A light green SUV drives down a hill past parked cars.
A midsize sedan keeps straight.
Mercedes sedan drives through the intersection.
A gray SUV runs on the street followed by another gray vehicle.
A maroon vehicle slowly moves straight ahead.
A red truck is driving on the street.
A white SUV keeps straight down the road.
A silver sedan passed the intersection.
A black pickup drives across the intersection.
A red van travels down the road and stops at a crosswalk.
A black pickup truck making a left turn.
A scarlet SUV stops at an intersection then crosses it.
A gray sedan going straight down the street.
A black hatchback turns right at the intersection.
A  gray van going down a curvy road.
A blue SUV turning left followed by another red SUV.
White SUV does a right turn.
Large blue pickup truck crosses the intersection straight.
A red sedan drives forward to the end of the street.
A silver SUV runs down the street behind a black pickup truck.
A black SUV stops at intersection. Then turns left.
A blue SUV drives and slows to stop at intersection.
A maroon SUV is turning left to pull into a store.
A white hatchback drives down a busy street behind a silver sedan.
A white sedan stops then makes a left turn.
A faint yellow SUV turns left at the intersection.
A gray coupe keeping on the same avenue.
A black SUV runs down the street and follows a blue Toyota.
At the front there's a brown SUV moving forward on the track.
A white sedan making a right turn at intersection.
A white car is turning left.
A black sedan first stops at an intersection then makes a left turn.
A large van slowly drives up to a busy intersection.
Small red coup turns right into heavy traffic.
A maroon sedan stops at the intersection and then turns right followed by another grey vehicle.
A blue SUV making a right turn at intersection.
A black SUV drives on the right lane of the road.
A black MPV runs down the street followed by a pickup truck.
A long white van runs across the intersection.
A red sedan goes down the street and turns left.
A black pickup truck runs down the street followed by another white SUV.
A red sedan drives down a street behind a red car.
A white cargo van turns right.
A white SUV going straight across an intersection at a medium rate of speed.
A blue sedan runs down an intersection with another blue vehicle followed aside.
A large burgundy minivan.
A gold sedan keeps straight following a white vehicle.
A red sedan turns left at an intersection and then keeps straight.
A grey pickup truck runs down the road alongside a truck.
Beige silver van makes a right turn.
A blue pickup truck going straight down the street passing an intersection.
A black midsized card following another car and taking right.
A white cargo truck runs down the street and through an intersection.
A dark SUV turns left at an intersection before traveling straight in the right lane.
A gray sedan change lanes to the left.
A gray sedan runs down the street followed another black vehicle.
A gray SUV is turning right on the road.
A black sedan turns left followed by the Jeep.
A white coupe went down the street and stoped briefly at an intersection.
A white pickup goes straight.
A green MPV stops for a passenger then turns right at an intersection.
A gold SUV goes straight.
White SUV on the highway making slight bend right in the roadway.
A brown pickup truck runs through the intersection.
A grey sedan runs the road to straight.
A red sedan going straight and crossing an intersection.
A black SUV is slowly turning right.
White small coupe traveling on the highway through the intersection.
A gray SUV  runs down the street.
A white coupe runs down the street followed by another vehicle.
A small black sedan switches to the right lane.
A white sedan with a bike rack drives straight.
A white SUV turns left at a intersection.
Grey SUV stopping.
A maroon SUV runs down the road.
A silver SUV is stopped at a traffic light and then proceeds down the street.
A gray color car moving straight down the road and few cars are stopped at left side.
A read SUV.
Grey SUV with no car.
A red sedan keeps straight across the intersection.
Gray pickup truck turn right after the traffic light.
A midsize gray car merges right and drives ahead.
A black sedan drives straight.
A black cross-over switches its lane to left and goes all way down the street.
White pickup truck switches to right lane.
A White SUV runs down the street followed by another black vehicle.
A full green pickup in going up a hill.
A white van turning right on  a street.
A green bus turns left.
A red pickup truck making a left turn.
A silver sedan drives behind a red vehicle passing parked cars.
Black minivan turning right followed by intense traffic.
A silver sedan drives straight.
A black Hatchback stopped at the intersection followed by a white vehicle.
A white SUV drives down the street between a red vehicle and a black vehicle.
A black SUV stops at an intersection.
A white sedan turns left at the intersection.
The gray minivan is going down the street on the right side of the road in front of a black sedan.
It a blue mpv going left.
A gray sedan runs down straight crossing an intersection.
Black SUv drives straight down the road followed by a black midsize SUV.
A white pick up truck drives straight before beginning to switch to the right lane.
A dark green sedan keeps straight with a white van passing by on the opposite direction.
A silver SUV keeps straight and about to turns right afterwards.
A white coupe is driving straight.
A red SUV crosses the intersection.
A black wagon making a left turn at intersection.
Red SUV stops at intersection before turning right.
A black SUV next to a pickup truck runs down the street.
A large blue cross overdrives straight.
A red sedan going straight down the street following another red car.
A red SUV drives down the street behind a white pick up truck.
A sedan briefly stops at the intersection before continuing straight.
A white Van took a right at the intersection.
A dark pick up truck drives straight in the right lane.
A blue jeep goes straight along the way.
Grey sedan keeps straight behind a blue and white sedan.
A white sedan turns right at the intersection.
White pickup truck keeps straight followed by a black pickup truck.
A red pickup truck runs down the street and then turns right.
Black vehicle runs down the street.
A gray hatchback drives down a busy residential street behind a white SUV.
A gray SUV first stops at the intersection then makes a left turn.
A small black crossover goes straight.
A gray van runs down the street followed by a couple of sedans.
A light grey sedan turns right onto a street.
White crossover going straight.
A blue SUV is going straight.
Blue sedan prepares to bare left.
A black hatchback going straight down the street with cars parking on the side.
A black sedan runs down the street passing parking area.
A white truck making a left-hand turn followed by a black SUV.
A gray van is going down the road.
Blue SUV turns right onto the street.
A silver van turn right onto the main street.
White van goes straight on road.
A gray SUV stops at the intersection and waits while other cars pass.
A silver sedan running down the road followed by a red SUV.
A silver sedan makes a left turn.
White SUV/crossover traveling down the right side of the street with no traffic.
A black pickup truck runs down the street and stopped at the intersection.
Black pickup truck keeps straight past intersection and switches to right lane.
A white pickup going straight at the intersection.
A small light grey sedan stops at intersection.
A small SUV stops to wait for other vehicles to pass.
Black Sedan turning right.
A white SUV stops  in. the intersection following another car.
A white sedan stops at the intersection behind a black car.
A gray van runs on the street.
A white SUV drives down the street and pulls up to an intersection.
A purple van going straight down the street with cars parking on the side.
A gray sedan merges left to begin a turn.
White coupe going straight and slowing behind gray sedan.
A white pickup truck keeps straight in a busy road.
A grey van keeps straight behind a black car.
A white SVU is turning left.
A blue sedan crosses the intersection with two other cars stopped by the traffic light.
Black cargo truck stopped.
A silver MPV is following a queue.
White sedan going left.
A grey pickup truck turning right after the car had passed.
A silver van pulls up to a stop sign before turning right.
A dark gray sedan drives straight down the road in the right lane followed by a large dark vehicle.
A gray sedan passes parked cars following a larger blue vehicle.
A gray pickup truck is stopped at an intersection.
A black Pickup Truck runs down the street and turns right.
A black pickup truck keeping straight on the street.
A silver suv drives down a very busy road.
White sedan turns right behind another white car.
A white SUV drives straight through an intersection.
A black SUV runs down the street alongside many parked vehicles.
A white suv merges into the left lan.
Dark red SUV turns right then goes straight.
Behind it is a blue Hatchback that then bends to the right.
A gray vehicle goes straight.
An extremely dirty hatchback drives up a hill.
A white pickup truck turns right followed by a black car.
A gray SUV keeps going straight and follows another black car.
A white sedan drives in the left lane.
A black wagon going straight down the street followed by a row of cars.
Silver sedan driving straight.
A black SUV turns left onto a street.
A black SUV driving straight threw an intersection.
A blue wagon turns left at the intersection.
A white van drives past parked cars followed by another white vehicle.
A white pickup truck drives straight through the intersection.
Red SUV keeps straight followed by a maroon car.
A gray sedan runs down the empty street.
A black SUV goes down the road followed by a white vehicle.
A light gray van goes straight at an intersection.
A black sedan turns right in a busy road.
A midsize white crossover goes straight.
A mid-sized gray SUV continues straight down a road passing cars going in the opposite direction.
A white pickup truck turns right.
A large hatchback keeps straight.
A green pickup truck turns left on the intersection.
A black crossover turns left.
A black SUV is stopped at an intersection behind another black vehicle.
A gray sedan runs on the right side of the lane in a packed with other vehicles street.
A black wagon going straight down the street.
A blue pickup truck runs down the street and stops at an intersection.
A full-packed gray pickup truck runs down the intersection.
A gray SUV keeps straight and passes some houses.
A pickup truck turns left onto the street before turning left at an intersection.
A blue sedan drives straight in the left lane of a curved road.
A white SUV is going straight.
A black car goes straight.
A large gray sedan drives straight down the street passing by a smaller black vehicle.
A black SUV slowly runs down the street driven by a tan sedan.
Gray suv stops then turns right.
Small suv comes to a sto pbehind a big white van.
Blue SUV stopped on the intersection.
A black SUV turns right.
A green cargo truck keeps straight down the road.
A white sedan movs straight through the intersection.
A small red coupe runs straight on the street.
White sedan stopping.
A gray sedan keeping straight on the right side of the street.
A gray sedan followed a light turn-left road.
A gray sedan runs down the street near the parking.
Silver suv drives forward.
A black SUV keeping straight.
A white color van moving straight.
A red 4-door SUV moving forward on the empty street.
A blue vehicle drives through the intersection.
A black Sedan runs down the street.
A gray sedan drives down road followed by black suv.
A white sedan is stopped at an intersection nect to a hatchback.
A white van going straight down the street with a pedestrian crossing in front of it.
Gray SUV driving straight in traffic.
A black SUV runs down the street with many vehicles parking on both sides.
A police vehicle drives down the street passing parked cars.
A silver sedan keeps straight.
A typical  jeep.
A maroon pickup truck keeps straight at an intersection.
A red pickup truck turning right.
A black sedan overturns another black vehicle.
A small four door Sedan is turning right.
Black SUV going straight.
A red suv turned left at the street light.
A white pickup truck runs down the road.
A dark gray SUV keeps straight at the street followed by another bçacl vehicle.
A blue SUV stops at the intersection after another red vehicle.
A blue vehicle curves right on the right-hand lane.
A blue sedan keeps straight at an intersection.
A gray Pickup Truck.
White sedan turning left to a light traffic street.
A white pickup truck keeps straight along the street.
A gray SUV runs down the street and crosses straight through an intersection.
A white midsize crossover takes a left after light turns green at intersection.
A white SUV keeping straight down the street.
A big jeep keeps straight.
A gray SUV runs down almost empty street.
A white SUV is stopped at the intersection.
A red vehicle drives straight down a two-way road passing parked vehicles.
A red sedan runs straight on the right lane of the street.
A white van going straight down the street.
A white pickup truck runs down the street followed by another white vehicle.
A grey sedan is driving straight towards an intersection.
A gray wagon runs down the street followed by another black SUV.
A blue pickup truck runs down the street followed by another vehicle.
A white SUV drives down a busy street behind a white truck while passing parked cars.
A white hatchback merged to the left line.
A silver sedan stops and then crosses an intersection.
A red SUV drives past parked cars between two other vehicles.
A black SUV going straight down the street following another black pickup truck.
A black SUV runs down the street and stops at the intersection.
A rufous SUV runs down the street behind a black car.
A black pickup truck turns left at the intersection and then goes straight down the street.
A gray sedan stops on an intersection.
A black SUV runs down the street following another SUV.
A white pickup drives down a narrow road.
A blue SUV switches to the right lane.
A white FedEx cargo truck keeps straight.
A gray SUV turns right at an intersection and is followed by another white vehicle.
A dark red sedan drives straight through an intersection.
A white pick up truck stopping behind  a blue car followed by another red vehicle.
Black SUV groing straight on road.
A  blue SUV runs down the street followed by a red SUV.
A black Hatchback runs down the street.
Black suv keeps straight behind a black jeep.
A silver SUV runs down the street alongside many other parked vehicles.
A white truck drives through an intersection without stopping.
A white truck drives straight towards a green light with a white car following in the opposite lane.
A white sedan runs down the street followed by a white sedan.
A car drives past a line of cars.
A gray SUV stops.
A black coupe turns right at an intersection.
A white pick-up truck slows down at a stop sign.
A white Pickup truck crosses the intersection keeping straight.
A silver sedan stops at a stop sign.
A black SUV drives straight down a street.
A gray sedan runs down the empty street with parked cars on both sides.
A maroon SUV goes straight at an intersection.
A red hatchback goes straight in the street behind a silver vehicle.
A gray Jeep is going straight.
A black pickup turns right near the white house.
A silver sedan keeps straight following a white SUV.
A small cargo truck runs down the street.
A blue pickup truck stops at an intersection.
A gray SUV goes down the street.
A silver SUV turns left on a fork road.
A white sedan continues straight through a curved intersection in the left lane.
A gray SUV runs down the street alongside parked vehicles.
A black wagon continues through the intersection.
A blue pickup truck going straight down the street with right turn signal on.
A white pickup truck ravels straight through an intersection.
A blue SUV going straight followed by another black sedan.
A gray sedan runs down the street followed by another red car.
Ford pickup truck takes a left to the main street.
A black sedan making a right turn at intersection.
Small blue sedan going straight behind white car.
A gold sedan with a bike rack is driving down the street.
A blue jeep keeps straight.
Grey car switches to the right lane and stops at the intersection.
A white Pickup Truck runs down the street.
A white pickup truck runs down the street on a straight lane.
A Silver sedan.
A white SUV  waiting at the intersection followed by another white car before it starts moving again.
A white SUV runs down the street followed by another car.
A red sedan switches lane to left and passes a cargo truck.
A gray sedan drives past parked cars followed by a white vehicle.
A blue sedan drives down a curvy road.
White track runs down the street followed by another vehicle.
White sedan drives forward.
A mid-sized dark gray SUV turns left off of a main street.
In front of him was a brown sedan car.
A black Jeep keeps straight in camera1 and 2 and turns right in camera3.
A red sedan stops at an intersection.
A gray Sedan going straight down the street passing an intersection.
A large white Jeep slowly moves in the between of a traffic.
A small gray sedan turns right.
A gray SUV goes to the left followed by another vehicle.
A blue SUV turns right and then keeps straight down the road.
A blue sedan briefly stops at an intersection before following a silver vehicle into the intersection.
Small blue suv makes right onto intersection.
A dark mid-sized vehicle turns left across an intersection.
A red car goes forward.
A white hatchback drives down a hill and passes parked cars.
A grey car is turning right.
Moving straight. A sedan just enter the road in front of the pickup.
A blue coach is going straight.
A red SUV stops at an intersection.
A black sedan stops at an intersection.
A grey midsize SUV runs down the street.
A red hatchback going straight down the street followed by a black car.
A light gray van drives past a truck and a parking lot.
Yellow car keeps straight followed by a red pickup truck.
A blue sedan takes a left turn and cuts off drivers in the opposing lane.
A black SUV runs down the street following a black vehicle.
A white car is probably going straight.
A white police SUV keeps straight.
A grey pickup truck turns left.
A midsize black Dodge Journey Crossover continues straight.
A four-door sedan is driving along a street.
Grey sedan driving straight down the road.
A dark vehicle turns right.
A black pickup truck goes through the intersection.
Grey suv going straight.
A black MPV runs down the street.
A dark blue sedan turns left at an intersection and then continues straight.
A gray SUV runs down the street alongside many other vehicles.
A black wagon turns left at an intersection.
A gray car turns left.
A silver van switches lane to left.
A metallic sedan runs down the street following another sedan.
A gray wagon going straight down the street.
A dark SUV goes straight on the road followed by another dard SUV.
A white sedan turns left onto a residential street with the headlights on.
A white van runs down the street followed by another vehicle.
A white midsize SUV is driving down a street.
Sedan followed by no car.
A white pickup slowing down and keeping straight on the intersection.
A silver sedan keeps straight following a black pickup truck.
A white sedan stopped at the intersection and turning left in the street on the Camera 1 and 2 and keeping straight on the Camera 3.
Red car keeps straight.
Maroon SUV keeps straight between two other vehicles.
A white SUV continues forward.
A black wagon going down a curvy road.
A car is switching lane to left.
A white SUV slowly crosses the intersection.
A small gray sedan drives straight as it is followed by a black car.
A dirty gray SUV stops at the intersection.
A white SUV turns left at an intersection and then proceeds to continue straight down the road.
A white truck runs down the street followed by another red SUV.
White SUV going straight on road behind the red truck.
A car drives down the street.
A dirty blue wagon is stuck in traffic.
A white pickup drive straight.
A black SUV turns left at an intersection.
A dark red sedan passes parked cars and follows a silver vehicle.
A white SUV runs down the street alongside other parked vehicles.
A blue SUV runs down the street with few parked cars on the right side.
A gray SUV drives straight following white mustang.
A gray sedan runs down the street and turns slightly right.
A black sedan turns right on the intersection.
A dark van drives down the road followed by a dark SUV.
Black van turning right.
A white SUV slows down at the intersection and goes straight after that.
A black SUV goes straight in an uphill road behind a white vehicle.
Silver pickup truck makes a left turn then keeps straight.
A gray SUV runs down the street and then turns right at intersection.
A black SUV runs down the street followed another black vehicle.
A black car comes to an intersection.
A white jeep.
A white wagon turns right onto the road.
A gray pickup truck goes straight.
A white SUV goes straight down a street and comes to a stop behind another white vehicle.
A purple wagon goes straight on a winding street.
A silver car continues straight.
A blue sedan drives straight.
A red sedan switches to the right lane.
A red pickup truck keeps straight following a white vehicle and passes through a fork intersection.
Black suv takes a left turn.
Purple Sedan switch lane to left.
A dark red SUV drives straight past parked cars followed by a gray SUV.
A silver SUV follows a black SUV down the street.
SUV black stopping in the intersection.
Straight on the main road.
A black SUV slowly enters a queue.
A black SUV enters an intersection without stopping and turns right.
A white pickup stops.
A gray suv go to the straight in road.
Sedan 4 door.
A white truck runs down the street.
A sedan keep straight on the road.
A red minivan is stopping slowly at an intersection behind a bigger silver minivan.
A gray sedan just keeping straight.
A gray sedan is turning left in a intersection.
Silver SUV makes a left turn after stopping at intersection.
A red sedan near the white sedan going straight.
A sedan drives past a parking lot followed by a dark SUV.
The purple SUV driving down the street with traffic in front of it.
A light grey SUV turns left and goes straight down the street.
A Black car drving straight on a road.
There was a blue sedan next to it that then folded to the left of the track.
A black van turns right after a red vehicle keeps straight in an intersection.
A large van drives straight.
A silver coupe drives straight through an intersection in the right lane.
After turning right.
A large white pickup truck runs straight down the street followed by another blue truck.
A gray sedan runs down the street passing parking lot on the right side.
Sedan followed by red color vehicle.
A red sedan runs down the straight and passes three stopped vehicles.
A black SUV keeps straight.
A gray sedan runs down the street followed by another black vehicle.
A reddish-brown SUV goes straight.
A dark red van runs down the street following a silver sedan and slightly turns right along the street.
A gray SUV stopped at the intersection and turned left.
A white SUV turns left at the intersection and proceeds straight down the road.
A gray sedan turns left at the intersection and then proceeds straight.
A white SUV turning right and accelerating straight ahead after the turn.
A grey sedan is driving straight thru an intersection.
A black SUV crosses an intersection.
A large pickup cargo keeps straight.
A gray SUV runs down the street passing parking lot on the right side.
A medium sedan runs along the street.
A black SUV runs straight ahead at the street.
A dark blue sedan runs down the street passing a parking lot.
A white pickup truck slows down after passing through an intersection after traffic.
A red MPV moving straight followed by another red sedan.
A red car slowly approaches an intersectio.
A blue pickup rounds the bend.
A black sedan drives over the lines.
A gray sedan just keeping straight on the street.
A blue SUV stops after another vehicle.
A blue sedan making a left turn to the main road.
A blue Jeep is driving straight through the intersection.
A black SUV runs down a winding road behind another black vehicle.
A large red pickup stopped at an intersection.
A green bus turns after picking up passengers.
A red SUV turns left.
A red pickup truck keeps straight.
Black SUV turning right.
A red SUV crosses a traffic signal in the lane next to the double solid yellow line.
A gray suv runs straight on road.
A black sedan is stopped at an intersection and then turns left.
A white van runs down the street followed by another gray vehicle.
A silver vehicle drives straight.
A red car drives on a road.
A white coupe runs down the street behind another white vehicle and is followed by a gray SUV.
A gray SUV is going straight and following a blue Chevrolet pickup truck.
A black SUV runs down the street behind a white vehicle.
A red sedan runs down the street followed by another silver vehicle.
A small blue wagon drives straight through an intersection.
A white pickup truck going straight down the street.
A dark gray SUV drives down a hill and passes parked cars.
A black suv turns left on the empty street.
A Jeep crosses the intersection keeping straight.
A green bus runs down the street and stops at an intersection.
A green bus keeps straight.
A large black SUV turns right out of store parking lot.
A white SUV stopped at the intersection.
A gray SUV runs down the street keeping straight.
A gray sedan drives straight down a left bending road.
A gray car is going along the street (turning right).
Blue SUV keeps straight behind a black vehicle.
Red jeep keeps straight behind a silver car.
A blue SUV goes straight and passes some houses.
A gray sedan runs on the street.
A maroon SUV closely following another vehicle.
A vehicle slowly advances through an intersection.
Red suv turned right.
A gray SUV goes down the straight.
A maroon van turns right at an intersection.
A bus going on down the street.
A white wagon continues forward.
A blue hatchback going straight down the street passing an intersection.
A white pickup runs on the street.
A white sed runs down the street followe by another vehicle.
A black SUV runs down the street and approaches an intersection.
The dark-blue car is going straight.
A gray SUV goes straight in the road.
Pickup truck turn right.
A red truck turns left at an intersection.
A gray sedan moving straight.
A silver vehicle stops at an intersection.
White hatchback groing straight on road FOllowed by black truck.
A white sedan runs down the street passing gray parked wagon.
Suv keep straight and turn right in the final.
Grey sedan turning left.
Small red SUV goes straight down the road.
A white sedan car turned left.
A maroon SUV runs down the street followed by a couple of more vehicles.
A gray sedan stops at an intersection then turns left and runs down the street.
A black cross overruns down the street near the parking.
A gray sedan makes a left turn at an intersection following a black vehicle.
A white hatchback is driving straight behind a black pickup truck.
White pickup drives runs straight through an intersection followed by a white jeep.
A brown sedan runs down the road behind another purple vehicle.
Black sedan turns left then goes straight down the street.
A small burgundy wagon is driving straight along a road.
A white SUV running down the road followed by a silver sedan.
A black sedan turn right.
A  white SUV runs down the street.
A silver sedan runs down the street followed by a red vehicle.
A black sedan switch lane to right and follows a line of vehicles after switching.
A dark SUV drives down the road followed by a silver van.
A silver truck drives down the road passing parked cars.
A white jeep turns left and continues to drive on the right lane of the road.
A silver jeep keeps straight.
A gray wagon keeps straight until it joins a queue.
A gray pickup runs down the street.
A white car drives straight.
A silver sedan keeps straight and then puts on it's right turn signal.
A midsize grey cross-over waits in front of the stop sign and then turns right.
A red sedan parks next to the curb on its right.
Black sedan does a left turn.
A white van runs down the street followed by a red vehicle.
A black pickup truck turns right at the intersection.
A gold cross over keeps straight.
A black sedan making a left turn at the intersection.
A white SUV runs down the street and passes many parking vehicles.
A black sedan turns left at light.
A black wagon turns left.
A white pickup truck turns left and keeps straight along the street.
A black SUV is driving down the street.
A gray pickup truck runs down the street followed by another vehicle and is behind a van.
A gray sedan turning right and then keep straight.
A black van keeps straight slowly in traffic.
A dark sedan drives past parked cars.
A black SUV runs down the street behind a black car.